('Libertarian Right', 'I am suddenly attracted to Hitler... might change my flair, I don’t know...',3,0.5)
('Libertarian Right', 'What in the fucking fuck i am watchig')
('Centrist', 'Hey at least I’m honest about it. Fuck your degeneracy.')
('Libertarian Right', 'AHS: "r/PCM supports Hitler"')
('Libertarian Right', 'Two cheeks of the same asshole')
('Libertarian Left', 'Andrew yang is too far ahead of his time, hope he someday gets elected.')
('Centrist', 'How is this not satire? I thought Marvel was progressive??')
('Right', 'If you pay taxes then you should be able to vote. That should be the only requirement')
('Left', 'Okay I’ve been subbed here for a few months now but I still don’t understand what the hell based means')
('Libertarian Left', 'Lol fair.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Watery Tarts throwing around weapons is no way to base a System of Government.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Once in a lifetime')
('Left', 'they should throw some tea in a harbor or something')
('Libertarian Left', 'This is a work of art.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'based')
('Authoritarian Left', 'u/vredditdownload')
('Libertarian Left', '404 no country found\nBASED')
('Libertarian Right', 'Psh, I’m libertarian in all my other beliefs aside from the fact that I actually believe in a stronger immigration and assimilation programs. Fuck the compass, I’ll flair the way I fucking like to.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Fuck politicians, none of them represent the people! Their predatory greed has screwed us over time and time again, we need to bring back the peoples tradition of the guillotine.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'u/VRedditDownloader')
('Centrist', 'So you guys really didn’t know fascists always appropriate class struggle rhetoric, huh. The trick is their solution is more power centralized in the corporate sector which is not answerable to the people. Feudalism 2.0\n\nedit: why the downvotes? this is political theory 101')
('Left', "Wait is someone supposed to believe that guy isn't trolling with the clothes? It feels like OP thinks this is a counterargument lmao")
('Libertarian Right', 'WHERES THE SAUCE?\n\nWe need to know. For sciences sake.')
('Centrist', "It's just to take your attention away from the fact they're being sued for having heavy metals in their products.")
('Left', 'Does this go for those with their voting rights taken away too?')
('Left', 'i’m black, your words have no power here.')
('Libertarian Left', 'I mean there’s a reason trans ppl don’t tell their parents but that don’t deserve it or sm they are just doing it for the sake of not getting disowned')
('Centrist', 'Republicans are more like a coalition. These would be paleo conservatives. Neo conservatives would be more Reagan and thatcher era conservatives. Libertarian conservatives are still AuthRight, but are the ones who advocate for smaller government. These ones don’t like spending.')
('Left', ' Based')
('Libertarian Right', 'We live in the dumbest of the alternate universes')
('Left', '/u/nwordcountbot u/DarkishArchon')
('Centrist', 'So I must do that... \nСОЮЗ НЕ РУШИМЫЙ;\nРЕСПУБЛИК СВОБОДНЫХ;\nНАВЕКИ СПЛОТИЛА;\nВЕЛИКАЯ РУСЬ...')
('Right', 'I starting to eat health because most food companies are pissing me off.')
('Right', 'I always chuckle when liberal American teens think only America has racism')
('Libertarian Right', "Who said that maga's were alt right? Most conservatives I know (including myself) still support gay marriage and stuff.")
('Libertarian Right', 'We aren’t experts on politics, we’re experts on political retards.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Thank you brother for blocking that')
('Left', '/u/vredditdownloader')
('Libertarian Right', 'nword count bot is a violation of free speech and the NAP')
('Centrist', '#Our Sibling')
('Left', 'Oh shit that me 😳')
('Right', 'Honestly I\'m pretty sure this guy has ulterior motives befitting of the purple tag. But, hot take: I believe that, even in extreme cases like rape, the baby isn\'t there by any fault of its own and I\'d still consider it unviable to abort it if the mother is not under risk of death. Hell, why don\'t they analyse the baby\'s DNA to help find the father and enact prosecution AND child support on him? All that stuff about raped women having to raise their babies as some form of "catharsis" is BS though. Adoption is a great idea, I just think the baby should at least have a shot at life since it\'s not there by any fault of its own.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Hey!\n\nGood news from my home state.')
('Authoritarian Right', "imo Endgame will seen as the peak of this wave of superheroes. It's all downhill from here.")
('Libertarian Left', 'Wait until they hear about Puerto Rico...')
('Libertarian Right', '"MAGA Republicans" is how you know the claim being made is outright false or at minimum heavily reinterpreted.')
('Centrist', 'I mean, the Nazis, especially Hitler, constantly praised Islam and saw the reconquista as detrimental and the destruction of Spain')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Nigga')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Pathetic.')
('Left', 'I’m lib-left and I genuinly get pissed when rightwingers are silenced. That mask just makes it less accurate.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Hitler is not auth center he is dead(and was right auth)')
('Libertarian Left', 'Never thought I’d see my quadrant as buff but here we are')
('Right', "The best thing that's gonna come from this comic is the rule 34")
('Centrist', 'Never thought I see anything horrifying in this sub.... oh well time for some nightmare good night lads')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Who would win: \n\nFascist pancakes Vs. Luftwaffles')
('Libertarian Right', 'what if you wanted to go to heaven\n\nand god said:"i just wanna grill"? 😳')
('Libertarian Right', 'Ew smells like a fascist')
('Right', '>Damn Tucker is so handsome!\n\nyes')
('Libertarian Left', "I don't get libleft.  They're pretending to be upset but laughing inside?")
('Right', "Ppl care too much abt what really doesn't matter at all. Commerce is commerce, and that's not worth caring about.")
('Left', 'Notice how AHS isn’t whining about this one lmao')
('Libertarian Right', 'This is like something from a Key & Peele sketch https://youtu.be/j9Uh_RucKz8')
('Centrist', 'If I could, I would award this')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Hello fellow people')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Daily reminder that THIS is the only good meme that came from the capital riot')
('Libertarian Left', 'it’s giving that troll TMCA twitter account that got reported on seriously')
('Libertarian Left', "In reality, I know I'm just some dumbass with no political expertise.\n\nThat's why I'm here and not, you know, doing *politics.*")
('Authoritarian Right', 'It’s blurry')
('Libertarian Left', 'Tucker Carson will never be bas-')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Unfathomably rare Florida W')
('Authoritarian Right', 'AuthRight should be, "Aight, imma head out"')
('Right', 'This shot GLOWIN')
('Authoritarian Right', 'A C C E L E R A T I O N')
('Left', 'Based and Supreme Being-pilled')
('Right', 'They care more about baby seals than baby humans. It’s not killing a baby seal, it’s a post-term abortion. Stop being sexist libleft.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Say the line authright!\n\n*sigh* "Our Constitution was made only for\xa0a\xa0moral\xa0and\xa0religious\xa0people. It is wholly inadequate to the government of any other.”')
('Centrist', 'to be fair its that or get petrol bombed')
('Libertarian Right', 'Best meme on this sub. Congrats OP!')
('Authoritarian Right', "Claims they're russian, everyone is white. Slavs are whites, were not middle Eastern")
('Libertarian Right', 'Fucking perfect')
('Libertarian Left', "I'm a lib left as they come and this is fucking stupid. I went and read the article and it just got more and more stupid. Marvel, what the fuck?")
('Centrist', 'Mommy is more accurate of Cleopatra anyways')
('Authoritarian Right', 'I agree. I request this be extended to people of everyage')
('Centrist', 'The ultimate grillification')
('Centrist', "My brother in christ were not mad at you for the mnm mascots\n\nWere mad at you because you're a shady corporation that make PR stunts to cover the news of your lawsuits")
('Centrist', 'Based and red pilled.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'I’m convinced most Nazi flags are owned by glowie ass leftists.')
('Right', 'When it went white, I was expecting Squidward to pop up like “WHERES THE TIME MACHINE???”')
('Libertarian Left', 'Flair checks out')
('Right', 'We are not retards.')
('Libertarian Left', 'I don’t think 16-17 year olds pay taxes')
('Libertarian Right', 'Now do it with an American city...')
('Libertarian Left', 'UwU I guess we all have a little bit of gay ethnostate space free market communism in us.')
('Authoritarian Right', "I eat neither because they're both fucking expensive for the size. \n\nI eat Kemps for quality classic flavors in reasonably sized cartons at a reasonable price. Sometimes I even eat the store brand if I really just want quantity.")
('Right', 'NGL the ghost gun builder sounds absolutely based.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'No, Socialism is good 😎 National Socialism')
('Left', "There is a lot of paid, professional political activity on social media these days. Dude in blue could work for the next Cambridge Analytica, for the Kochs, etc.. There's a fair chance he actually works for a foreign government.     \n\nThere do seem to *actually* be some dudes in green too fucking stupid to understand how the American political system works, as well. It's almost certainly hard for most people here to even get their heads around this, but there is plenty of stupid on all sides of politics. These jokers needs to work on reforming the America political system before they worry about anything else, and the only way to do that is from within a mainstream political party. Ranked voting systems *entirely* solve the problems these people are worried about.")
('Centrist', 'lol yes this is me on twitter to sad berners')
('Centrist', 'Tel Aviv does not approve')
('Libertarian Left', 'Now that he has the nomination he’s going to stop shaking hands and switch to just groping everyone’s genitals in greeting')
('Centrist', 'Damn that’s hard')
('Libertarian Left', 'Wtf, give us our femboy hooters!')
('Centrist', "Mods & Wiki editors don't look like that.")
('Left', 'Yo feel free to ask about salary. Knowing what your co-workers earn is just a tool for knowing your limits when you negotiate your own salary.')
('Centrist', "I don't know what any of this means, and I'm cool with it.")
('Left', 'u\\nwordcountbot penaltrauma')
('Libertarian Left', 'BALALALAALALALALA')
('Libertarian Right', "He doesn't know the thing :(")
('Libertarian Left', 'Based')
('Libertarian Right', 'Idk, Ben and Jerry’s is good but they did lose me with their “Trans Youth” billboard. I can overlook a lot of political shit, but not when they’re forcing something like that on me')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Felons pay taxes and can’t vote either. Nonsense')
('Authoritarian Right', 'The best one is the Cheap Store Brand knock-off that tastes exactly like either one of them')
('Libertarian Right', "Why is LibRight sad? We're the ones who made this message! We calculated that more of you saps will buy M&Ms with this message than without. That's it.")
('Left', 'from now on this is what i will picture when i hear "enlightened centrism"')
('Left', "Tucker Carlson is a fake comrade. He doesn't even need that job at Fox News. His inheritance has him set for life. He says the Dems are the party of the elite, but then sides with the Republicans. But at least he's spreading class consciousness, in a twisted anti-leftist sort of way.")
('Libertarian Left', 'How the fuck did you gain 100.000 karma in a year')
('Left', "lib left one is so true i legit don't know how i can comment to compliment you on it")
('Centrist', 'A reminder that I’m still in support of the Brave New World option.\n\n\nReject family, embrace artificial womb.')
('Libertarian Left', "I think this is true in North Carolina. If you're under 18 you dont have to pay income tax. Its unlikely you even would make enough to have to pay, but you wouldn't have to.")
('Authoritarian Left', 'HOLY SHIT BASED')
('Centrist', 'Fuck lolbertarians')
('Libertarian Left', 'Ah, yes, the Latin american experience, now in american soil.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'I’ve lasted over a month!')
('Right', 'They’re trying to make the DeSantis look bad.')
('Libertarian Right', "I don't think of it as a stimulus check, I think of it as the government not stealing money from one of my 2 week paychecks")
('Authoritarian Left', 'I mean, and least his internal logic is consistent')
('Libertarian Left', 'I fucking thought Trotsky was Robert Downey Jr. oh my god.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Is that you Christopher Nolan?')
('Libertarian Right', 'Ay ay ay ay...')
('Libertarian Left', "Fuck you LibRight, I'm staying with the authoritarians 😎")
('Libertarian Right', 'Lmao I enjoyed that. Thank you.')
('Left', 'Hating the Elites is True Compass Unity.')
('Libertarian Left', "I like having my Ben and Jerry's ice cream with Black Rifle coffee.")
('Left', 'For anyone wondering, yes it is real')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Worse than that libleft OddPossession and authcenter Clock guy romance. 10/10')
('Centrist', 'Dont call us retards, we are smart disabled')
('Libertarian Left', 'bro there is freaking ice cream politics>??')
('Libertarian Left', 'Lmfao!')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Fools. Blue Bell is clearly the superior ice cream.')
('Left', 'Fucking "Safespace" and "Snowflake". I\'m actually convinced there was some malice/ internal sabotage when they were making these characters. Or some dumbfuck investors. Latter is probably more likely. \n\nAlso, fucking "internet gas". Jesus Christ. \n\nBut even beyond that, these designs are so safe and boring.')
('Centrist', 'u/savevideop')
('Centrist', 'The what now?')
('Centrist', 'Hey op why is your account 2 months old?')
('Libertarian Right', 'YES')
('Centrist', "Imma be honest, if you can't cut it with the other 4 billion girls I don't fancy your chances with the one that got away lmao")
('Libertarian Right', '* Helmut Kentler sending foster kids to paedophiles \n\n* Derrida, Foucault, and all the other French leftist intellectuals wanting to abolish the age of consent \n\n* German Greens advocating for "paedophile rights" in the past \n\n* John Money forcing a pair of twins to have sex as part of his transition "research" after transitioning one of the boys after a botched circumcision \n\n* Alfred Kinsey not reporting active child rapists whilst developing the Kinsey Scale\n\n* UK senior Labour Party officials support for a group named "Paedophile Information Exchange"\n\n* The above book arguing that introducing kids to sex early enough stops them from becoming Fascist as adults [??????]\n\n* Stalin raping and impregnating a 13 year old\n\n* Mao, rapist of a 14 year old\n\n* Books like Genderqueer depicting children giving blow jobs to strapons. 18+ on Amazon, but leftists want it in schools and claim "literally 1984" if it isn\'t \n\n* Child drag shows like that Desmond kid who does "costume changes" on stage. Totally not stripping, just a change of clothes!\n\nLeftism requires social decay. A strong, wealthy, moral society does not foster "the philosophy of failure, creed of ignorant, and the gospel of envy". Without a decaying society, how can daddy government come in and take care of us?')
('Right', 'Coloured boxes masterrace!')
('Libertarian Left', 'FUCK YOU I WONT DO WHAT YOU TELL ME')
('Libertarian Right', 'Tucker is critical of cronyism and corporations. Unlike rest of fox news shills.')
('Authoritarian Left', 'holy shit tucker... HOLY SHIT TUCKER')
('Libertarian Left', "trump will destroy america\n\n&#x200B;\n\nand that's why he's got my vote")
('Right', 'Good work with funni colors')
('Libertarian Left', 'Agreed. Also, if legally an adult at 18, you should be allowed to gamble and buy alcohol (or raise the age of legal adulthood). Either way, but not making someone responsible for themselves without allowing them to make decisions for themselves.')
('Left', '""Snowflake and Safespace are the twins," the writer says, "and their names are very similar to Screentime; it\'s this idea that these are terms that get thrown around on the internet that they don\'t see as derogatory."\n\nHave these people ever been on the internet?')
('Libertarian Right', 'When a meme within a meme becomes a reality….')
('Libertarian Right', 'Why do leftists do this?')
('Left', 'r/BidenForSenate2020')
('Libertarian Left', "that's racist mayne")
('Right', 'I want Vermin Supreme to win an election so bad.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Yes')
('Authoritarian Right', 'nice username')
('Libertarian Right', '"MARTY... you\'re supposed to iron your flag so we look like we\'re serious about this! Seriously bro, learn some fuckin tradeceaft."\n\n-overheard at fed hq before this pic was taken')
('Libertarian Left', 'No right leaning person would agree with anything on the right side of this meme.  Case in point, these comments.')
('Centrist', 'And so, it was clear: This sub needed to create its own political compass test, and complete the cycle of eating itself.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Now this is a meme.')
('Libertarian Left', "I like small government, thats why i support America's secret police in Portland")
('Centrist', 'If you ask me, i dont care about Marvel but WHAT THE FUCK ARE THESE NAMES? "SNOWFLAKE" AND "SAFE SPACE"? These names sounds like they are made to take the piss out of feminists')
('Libertarian Right', 'Why the passport, though? For smugling purposes?')
('Right', 'Holy shit')
('Libertarian Right', 'u/userleansbot\n /u/Kayasakra')
('Left', "this is the reason I'm also auth left")
('Libertarian Left', 'Tragic: The person you hate the most just made a really good point')
('Libertarian Right', 'wait you mean to tell me that both Dems and the GOP are corrupt and authoritarian\n*Visible Shock*')
('Right', "Wouldn't this be libright doing the kissing because they're just getting their own tax money back?")
('Centrist', 'Wait are libertarian left the one who complain about everything')
('Libertarian Right', '🟦🤝🟨')
('Right', 'I prefer “dust bucket”.')
('Libertarian Right', 'I think the fall of the USSR took a lot of wind out of leftism’s sails.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Lmfao')
('Authoritarian Right', "Wouldn't it kind of be libright because the government is giving your hard earned money back to you")
('Right', 'u/nwordcountbot u/reckermatouvc')
('Left', 'Based. \n\nBased, turned on, super confused.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'I want to see nukes flying already')
('Centrist', 'I knew it. Center always wins.')
('Right', 'I still like Reagan just saying')
('Authoritarian Right', "I guess I'm an anomaly.")
('Authoritarian Left', 'hahah')
('Libertarian Right', "It really is a waste of fucking time to try to control Floridians, isn't it?")
('Right', "All this confirms is that I'm not libleft... The rest tho")
('Libertarian Left', 'Nooooooooo not Bernerino\n\nSeriously tho f')
('Libertarian Right', 'I’m okay with Christians being anti-democratic, I don’t like democracy either.')
('Left', "I mean, I like my country. That shouldn't stop me from critiquing the things wrong with it though")
('Right', 'This is brilliant')
('Right', 'When I was in my senior year; I was told that I was not allowed to take a financial literacy class because it would be considered “going backwards” in my math courses (I had already taken college algebra and calc). So the school literally thought I was too smart to take the course. What kind of bullshit is that. \n\nI used the time in my schedule to pick up drafting, 3d modeling and programming, and am now a mechanical engineering major. Thankfully, my mom is an accountant so I got a fair bit of financial literacy skills from home.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Never forget r/ChungusLovers')
('Libertarian Right', 'What happened to the "Silence, Brand" meme? I feel like it\'s more necessary than ever right now...')
('Libertarian Right', 'Well we already know this is BS. And I’m personally pro choice BUT I do understand the reasoning of removing rape exceptions for abortion on the argument because it’s not the baby’s fault it was a product of rape.\n\nThat’s not the law I want to see in place. I don’t think rape victims should have to prove themselves at all to get an abortion cuz it can be a tough thing to prove and just prolong the abortion to a later term. But I do understand that argument.')
('Libertarian Right', '🗿lift')
('Libertarian Left', 'Nah i don’t care I only smoke CRACK')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Based and pH14pilled')
('Libertarian Left', 'u/userleansbot u/cogo5646')
('Libertarian Left', "I would say this sounds more like an AuthRight insult, but now that I think about it, it doesn't have enough racial slurs.")
('Libertarian Right', 'FINALLY FINALLY. floridians are about raise the most fiscally responsible kids in america')
('Left', 'Well the people have spoken we are fucked.')
('Centrist', 'Twitter files only shows government requests for further review, not a smoking gun of collusion, and that’s from someone with access to everything')
('Libertarian Right', 'We don’t support the NSA or at least I don’t')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Take your goddamn upvote and leave')
('Right', 'Totinos, totinos, hot pizza rolls')
('Right', "Honestly at this rate who isn't going to be found to have classified documents in their house. What's next, Obama using them as a coaster on his coffee table or Bush keeping them in the bathroom as reading material?")
('Libertarian Left', 'Unironically yea')
('Right', 'I am so fucking out of the loop. What the fuck is an aborted chinese gf meme?')
('Libertarian Right', 'Tomboy Outback sounds phenomenal')
('Libertarian Left', 'It’s the place from the American Dad intro')
('Centrist', 'u/userleansbot u/zeriousgew')
('Centrist', "I love Ben And Jerry's cheesecake ice creams.\n\nBut nothing has ever slapped as hard as the pineapple coconut from HD.  Trying that almost put me on the astral plane.")
('Centrist', 'To pure for this world 😢')
('Libertarian Left', 'Is it any surprise that the only people saying it in the comments are auth right')
('Left', "I'm pretty pro-gun, but I'd like to say that most illegal guns are guns stolen from people who purchased them legally.\n\nAgain, I'm pro-gun but be weary of what arguments lay ahead.")
('Left', 'How accurate especially lib left')
('Centrist', 'YOU CANT SPEAK FOR MLK!!!\n\nshe says, speaking for mlk')
('Left', 'Bernie lives 151 years \n\nBecomes US president \n\nInstate free healthcare \n\nDies \n\nRefuses to elaborate')
('Authoritarian Right', 'u/VredditDownloader')
('Centrist', 'Now THIS is full compass unity')
('Libertarian Left', 'No Mussy')
('Libertarian Right', 'Look I’m on the side of the right that never says the n word')
('Left', 'To truly simplify yet best extrapolate ones position the 2 questions to ask should be:\n\n1) Do power hierarchies form naturally or artificially?\n\n2) How should the conflict between personal freedom and social stability be addressed?')
('Left', 'We have this in Oklahoma already and it does nothing. Why is everyone congratulating Florida without actually reading about the policy?')
('Libertarian Left', 'The problem with debating qhether the US is "a secular nation" or was "founded on judeo christian values" is people don\'t even agree what those phrases mean exactly.  The debate is usually people talking past each other for that reason.')
('Authoritarian Left', 'When did extremism become stealing TVs from Target and memeing in the White House instead of beheading every current government official?')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Jesus fucking christ')
('Left', 'This is pretty accurate')
('Libertarian Left', 'Horseshoe effect in full display, so against racism you become a racist yourself')
('Left', 'Roasted.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Better than that zootopia comic')
('Libertarian Right', 'Wait till Auth-Right hears this Stat')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Why only right wing subs are banned though ?\n  \nWhy subs controling what is your skin color (blackpeopletwitter) make it on r/all every single day, subs about extincting white people are not even quarantined. Why this double standard ?')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Id say that argument is a little too late. 300 years too late.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Coming from a 16 year old this is based af')
('Centrist', 'Based')
('Right', 'Whole compass unity on this????')
('Authoritarian Right', 'No, no I don’t think I will.')
('Libertarian Left', "Highest number of upvotes in the sub's history")
('Authoritarian Right', 'are they really niggers lol')
('Libertarian Right', 'Lol make sense it’s euro cope keep seething about your irrelevance on the world stage')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Fact')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Dies of cringe')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Tucker should run for president')
('Centrist', 'u/nwordcountbot u/stone2443')
('Right', '*Hans?*\n\nthe Flammenwerfer?\n\n*Ja, der Flammenwerfer*')
('Right', 'Only 17 different subs? Gotta pump this numbers up, those are rookie numbers.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Agree with that wholeheartedly 💚')
('Libertarian Right', 'I\'m betting that all the children who skip classes because "school doesn\'t teach me anything useful!!!" will skip these classes anyways.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Buff rothbard, lmao.')
('Libertarian Right', '***taxpayer funded healthcare.')
('Centrist', 'I see.')
('Authoritarian Right', "We, Egyptians, didn't think about that at all lmao.")
('Authoritarian Right', 'Based')
('Authoritarian Right', 'North Korea is not a monarchy lmao')
('Libertarian Right', "Of the first, abortion is an issue of human rights, not government size. And the latter two are becoming increasingly less so.\n\nFor the latter part the NSA isn't popular among the republican side, and foreign policy is actually the state's Job, and does not fit well into the small/big government debate.")
('Libertarian Right', '>yess capitalism good\n>oh, you have to actually pay for stuff?\n>yess communism good')
('Libertarian Left', "I don't get it at all can somebody explain?")
('Libertarian Left', 'An undiagnosed brain tumor explains a lot of things, such as conservatism and capitalism.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'The "normal" political compass test is heavily leaning towards libleft, 8 values is better')
('Right', 'Jesus saves us all yet again.')
('Centrist', 'This is ~~Idaho Republican Sen. Scott Herndon.~~ Chancellor of Germany Adolph Hitler\n\nHe wants to **remove** ~~rape and incest~~ murder and genocide exceptions from the ~~state abortion ban~~ countries laws based on human rights, and says that it could be **”cathartic”** for ~~teens~~ Jews ~~raped~~ murdered by their ~~dads~~ countrymen to ~~**have the baby.**~~ fucking die\n\nHe believes ~~teens~~ Jews being ~~**raped**~~ murdered by ~~family members~~ nazis are ~~**”natural circumstances”**~~ the final solution\n\nThis is what ~~MAGA republicans~~ Nazi Party members mean when they claim to be the party of ~~**”family values”**~~ German nationalism')
('Libertarian Right', 'beautiful')
('Left', 'I mean it’s the point of the song')
('Libertarian Right', 'I used to be strongly opposed to affirmative action in admissions. Then I started seeing things from the other side. The general concept makes sense, though class is the real issue; race is only correlated with it.\n\nUltimately, you’re interested in getting intelligent, high-aptitude individuals. We can’t measure that directly, so we use things like grades standardized tests. But these scores and tests can be gamed, especially if you have resources. \n\nWhich would you rather admit? The guy who scored a 1350 on his SAT but took a prep course that guarantees a 100+ point improvement? Or the guy who scored a 1300 with no prep? \n\nOur tools for measuring the things we care about are flawed, and it makes sense to adjust for that. Unfortunately, I think the adjustments are flawed as well.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Please please mods can we keep this??')
('Right', 'My strong feelings for patriotism have led me to systematically kill over 10 million people based on their religion and skin color')
('Libertarian Left', 'Totally disagree')
('Left', 'Testing')
('Centrist', 'Besthesda confirmed')
('Right', 'Just piping in, republican does not equal conservative')
('Centrist', 'Let’s face it. Both far right wingers and far left wingers wouldn’t like MLK. But us centrists would love to see his grilling skills')
('Libertarian Right', "Am I proud of my country, not really, I am proud of United States people and I would never hate the people but when I hear country I think government fuck that shit rn I see a million things that could be fixed everyday and I ain't gonna quit till we've reached the perfect society, full unabridged libertarianism")
('Right', 'Can someone explain to me why there are so many Muslims in India? I thought India was supposed to be Hindustan and East and West Pakistan was for the Muslims. I learned in school that if you were Muslim in India or Hindu in Pakistan, your family walked hundreds of miles to the new country for your religion. \n\nI never hear about Hindus in Pakistan, why do I always hear about Muslims in India?')
('Libertarian Right', 'OwO')
('Centrist', 'Hell yeah')
('Left', 'u/userleansbot u/Flliry')
('Authoritarian Left', 'All the nazbols here clearly don\'t get the message of "it\'s not about race."')
('Left', 'I think the idea of the compass itself brought more traction than the test tbh')
('Libertarian Left', 'We have plenty of examples like that tho, like dc')
('Left', 'I kinda dig it not gonna lie. Its the ultimate troll move and you have to respect that.')
('Left', '**do you believe that we should question our government**\n\nI mean..yes? We cant just follow blindly for anyone\n\n**MAXIMUM LIBERTARIAN**')
('Libertarian Left', 'ich bin stolz, ein deutscher zu sein')
('Right', ">Wikipedia editors\n\nAh, look everyone, the Ogre thinks Wikipedia is an unbiased source of information! Hahahaha!\n\nSo, yes Wikipedia is a decent summary, usually, and it does usually nicely link to its sources. But that can be twisted because 1) all y'all that *think* 'yes, today I will read the article sources' basically never do, and 2) there is a possibility of misinformation by neglecting information. \n\nIf you simply don't source something you don't like, and thus never mention it, and its a controversial enough topic that the Wikilords lock the page, and only those that are approved editors can change things, misinformation can be spread for a loong time on Wikipedia, doubly so if the 'misinformation' aligns with the approved editor staffs beliefs. \n\nI'll end by saying, for a very quick overview its a good tool. But open source scientific article journals, and diligent use of multiple search engines to uncover multiple viewpoints is way way better than reading thirteen Wikipedia pages on, say, Egyptian history and then pretend you know any great deal of the subject.")
('Libertarian Left', 'Or maybe taxes from minors only feed into a certain area like education funding. Bc they directly benefit')
('Libertarian Right', "I'm back to shill Tillamook frozen custard again. It's far superior to both brands.")
('Right', 'u/nwordcountbot u/simshadow136')
('Libertarian Right', "So you assume LibLeft is the only quadrant that volunteers... sus... LibRight literally worships volunteerism so I guess I don't see what point you're trying to make... The fact that you think LibRight is purely motivated by profit is projection. Profit is good, but only corpo neo-liberal shills are purely motivated by profit. We believe in entrepreneurship and self-realization and more importantly not bitching about being a loser without doing anything about it...")
('Authoritarian Right', 'Based and allahpilled')
('Libertarian Right', 'Oh yay, another power vacuum. Those have been great for quality of life, historically. Nothing like a nice, completely unguided descent into chaos. Those poor fuckers.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Strong state vs total state read your Schmitt')
('Libertarian Left', 'This is totalitarian propaganda, I laugh either way. lol')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Stop protesting, return to rome')
('Libertarian Right', 'I mean does anyone actually disagree with this?')
('Centrist', "Wait that's not actually a parody?")
('Authoritarian Right', 'Yes')
('Libertarian Left', "Let's mix it up. Only those who pay taxes and work can vote")
('Libertarian Right', 'This js fake, right?')
('Right', "I'd like to order one white supreme pizza please")
('Libertarian Left', "Accurate. It's against my moral code to like these bannings but it does please my ego")
('Centrist', 'Can I point out the majority of brains are in the auth section.... Auths smarter than libs confirmed?')
('Right', 'Authright hates the amnesty too.')
('Authoritarian Right', "Trump won't ban gay marriage...\n\nBut Pence will.\n\n**MIKE PENCE 2020, RIDE THE LIGHTING**")
('Right', "I don't know half of those guys")
('Libertarian Left', "Authright is like that kid who's hiding something but he wants everyone to know he's hiding something\n\nSo he gets caught")
('Authoritarian Right', "I'm the right nipple :)")
('Libertarian Right', "For me the worst presidents starting at wilson are:\n\n\n1) Wilson (duh!)\n2) FDR\n3) tie between Ford or Regan\n5) tie between Carter and Bush 41\n\n\nAs for best (comparatively speaking) presidents \n\n\n1) Coolidge\n2) Harding\n3) Clinton\n\n\nCoolidge was cool and I actually think he was good, but It is very depressing that Clinton and Harding are 3rd and 2nd respectively, but that goes to show the quality of the presidents that we've had since Wilson")
('Libertarian Right', "What's it with centrists and grills? I don't understand the meme.")
('Centrist', 'Yea totally')
('Libertarian Left', "Oh boy... I feel like I'm shaming libleft because of this.\n\nIn my defense, I didn't use the word as a racial slur. I was saying that we shouldn't give it as much symbolic power, and that we shouldn't refrain from using it when quoting someone.")
('Libertarian Right', 'YES\n\nTHE TRUE JOJO REFERENCE')
('Left', 'god I wish it was libleft')
('Libertarian Left', 'Everyone is subject to taxes, even five year olds, if they have income from investments/savings. Which is as it should be, else it’d be a massive loophole for every single person in the ~~country~~ world to exploit.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Damn authleft centrist is the most based one')
('Libertarian Left', 'Based beyond belief')
('Centrist', 'I wonder if theyd vote For or Against their interest?')
('Libertarian Right', 'Fucking Awesome!\n\nFlorida might actually see a reduction in poverty from this.')
('Libertarian Right', 'To me, this needs a red background, instead of blue.')
('Authoritarian Right', '"Should black people be tortured to death for the crime of being black?" "Uhhh....no?" "MAXIMUM LIBLEFT."')
('Authoritarian Left', 'It really warms my heart to see the far right constantly collapse into fed/glowie infighting.')
('Right', 'Mars makes mediocre candy. M&M stands for Mid and Mid.')
('Left', 'Biden is authright')
('Libertarian Right', 'At least he lowered taxes')
('Libertarian Right', 'Wait, unintentional mass killings resulting from natural resource extraction is considered a genocide now? Asking…for reasons.')
('Libertarian Left', 'congrats on top post lol')
('Left', 'u/nwordcountbot u/YaBoiJeff8')
('Libertarian Left', 'Based Bethesda')
('Libertarian Left', 'Democrats if they win : We are progressive. So, More👏Black👏Drone👏Pilots👏')
('Right', 'Just want to grilllllllll')
('Libertarian Right', "True, however, they'll get all that money back when they file their taxes, cause let's be honest, they're not making more than $20k a year.\n\nThey still pay sales tax so I guess you're technically correct. The best kind of correct!")
('Libertarian Right', 'Sounds right to me.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'THANKS FOR PUTTING PINOCHET IN AUTHRIGHT!')
('Right', "Whichever side of the pro-life/pro choice argument you are on, this meme format is one of the only genuinely funny things I've seen ever since I've joined this hellscape of a sub and been inadvertedly glued to it, lmao")
('Centrist', 'Hot')
('Libertarian Left', 'op i think you should go make a colorblind test, because nobody can be stupid enough to think the us is authleft')
('Libertarian Left', 'Obligatory: F')
('Libertarian Left', 'what was that quote again, about societies that tolerate intolerance losing their tolerance? hell yea.')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Yes.')
('Authoritarian Right', "Don't make me start talking about the God-shaped hole again")
('Left', "It seems good on paper, but it has several issues. There is little to stop people from have teenagers earn their salary to evade taxes if teenagers were tax free. People already reduce their taxes by putting their assets in a corporation, so why don't you think this will be exploit to avoid taxes completely. Additionally, since many countries have progressive tax brackets and standard tax return, it would be rare  for a minor to earn enough money to have to pay taxes anyway. People may not even earn enough to be taxed even if they can vote. Additionally, sales tax is a thing. Should stores have to check customers ID to verify their age to pay sales tax? Or should the business bare the cost of the sales tax? Having valid ID is already a problem in the US. What would prevent a business charging sales tax because someone can't prove they aren't a minor.")
('Libertarian Left', 'As a libleft....\n*OwO*')
('Libertarian Left', 'Oh, okay.... so we dont tax felons for the same reason right?')
('Authoritarian Left', "First I've heart about the nwordbot")
('Libertarian Left', 'Good meme op')
('Libertarian Left', "I'm planning on voting Vermin Supreme")
('Libertarian Right', "Wrong Rich black people and poor black people can both say nigga, Rich whites and poor whites can't")
('Libertarian Right', 'Even a commie can be a customer if you know how to hustle properly.')
('Authoritarian Left', "He's really not wrong tho")
('Left', 'So glad I don’t live in a country where I have to choose between two conservative, corrupt creeps with anger issues.')
('Right', 'based')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Reject Democracy\n\nReject Monarchy\n\nReject Oligarchy\n\nEmbrace Liftocracy')
('Libertarian Left', "Serendipity. I was just watching Jeremy on Geeks & Gamers going off about this.\n\nThe right are not happy. And...well, y'all have got a point this time.")
('Libertarian Right', 'GOOD MORNING USA')
('Left', 'White nationalists & hoteps do have a lot in common tho...')
('Authoritarian Left', "Lenin's revolution rejected alcohol as a tool of control used against the proletariat.  That's where the sometimes-meme'd propaganda poster of the guy refusing a glass of wine comes from.\n\nHe was entirely correct, by the way.  But correct largely in the context of tzarist Russia.  Vodka production rights were held solely by the tzar, and doled out as political rewards the way other countries handed out land.\n\nOf course, when the Soviet's took over, they didn't stop production, just took it over themselves.\n\nStill, as impossible and pointless prohibition in the U.S. might be, watching people absolutely lose their shit over beer, when they were entirely ok with other issues?\n\nThat would be dark comedy.")
('Libertarian Left', 'WOW against hate subreddit was right. Look at how evil and hateful this post is!')
('Centrist', 'Other ideologies other than auth-right have been invented about 300 years ago. This is obviously a rigged race.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Based Dragon Nation\n\n🏴\U000e0067\U000e0062\U000e0077\U000e006c\U000e0073\U000e007f')
('Centrist', 'u/savevideo')
('Libertarian Left', 'For once I agree with libright')
('Left', '*sighs* *unzips pants*')
('Libertarian Left', 'Hmm')
('Libertarian Left', 'Holy based!')
('Centrist', 'I’m about to become auth')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Sorry to ask, but what is the shitty test from 2004? I love to see those old school parts from the internet. So feel free to send ins a link.')
('Libertarian Right', 'No, not this again. The US beer industry is finally recovering from the damage of a hundred years ago.  Do not thrust us back into the age of cheap rice-laden pilsner clones.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Seems fair')
('Right', 'You could’ve at least put valid criticisms by each quadrant instead of whatever the hell you made up')
('Libertarian Right', 'Original video link?')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Brain worms.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Hey, a lack of basic competence has been essential to holding any kind of position at all our nation\'s finest "think tanks" since the Reagan administration, if not even earlier.')
('Libertarian Left', "I'm LibLeft. Gen Z too. And I only have 1 thing to Say. MARVEL YOU BETTER DELETE THIS ATROCITY OR ELSE, I SWEAR TO GOD!!")
('Libertarian Right', 'u/nwordcountbot u/lock-four')
('Libertarian Right', 'At least can give a wider vision of politics than the usual left-right spectrum, or even worse...Binary position.')
('Left', 'Literally crying')
('Authoritarian Left', "i'm pretty sure malcom x and george lincoln rockwell spoke to each other so this makes sense")
('Centrist', "I mean, you can take one extremist and make the whole bunch look bad, I don't agree with their beliefs, but lets not pretend this is every single person on the right.")
('Libertarian Right', "This is just libs pushing they're agenda into everything")
('Libertarian Right', 'Third party is best. One day we will win.')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Based Comrade Tucker?  Welcome to the commune!')
('Right', '👀')
('Centrist', "Where's technoblade ?")
('Left', 'Is that really fascism though? \n\nMight be considered authoritarianism, but not all authoritarians are fascists.')
('Libertarian Right', "I've never wanted to suck Hitler's dick this much in my life.")
('Left', 'I hate trump and was pissed when the Donald was essentially banned')
('Authoritarian Right', "I'd puke myself even pretending to be a libleft. Unlike them we actually have standards.\n\nI don't even consider liblefts human.")
('Authoritarian Right', 'This has to be the most cancer meme template I’ve ever witnessed in all my years of memeing.\n\nThank God I’m alive.')
('Right', 'Its true')
('Libertarian Right', 'Petition to make this the official pcm icon')
('Right', 'He thought he outsmarted him')
('Libertarian Left', 'Teach them how fractional reserve banking and usury work and we’ll have a revolution in 10 years.')
('Centrist', 'Save')
('Centrist', 'Friendship ended with authright, libleft my new best friend')
('Left', 'u/userleanbot u/Astro4545')
('Centrist', 'YESSS')
('Libertarian Right', "Maybe being an authleft isn't that bad")
('Libertarian Left', 'In Canada I dont pay taxes until im allowed to vote (18)')
('Right', 'Carlson is the most important voice on the right. If right wingers would get their heads out their asses and corporate dicks out of their mouths, we could dominate the US politically. But nooooooo muh socialism, muh marginal tax rate, muh scary gubment must do less than the bare minimum.')
('Libertarian Right', "It's just a little election fraud, it's still good! It's still good!")
('Libertarian Left', 'Some authrights just need a cuddle I think')
('Libertarian Right', 'Big step forward')
('Left', 'That’s pretty dumb argument. \n\n“Did you know that 100% of murder is done illegally?”')
('Centrist', 'libright yet again pretending they are any sort of threat to the established order')
('Libertarian Right', "hol up\n\nthat's facts\n\nWE SHALL REVOLT AGAINST THIS TYRANNY")
('Authoritarian Right', 'Americans be like ‘we live in the freeist country in the world’ and then have to decide between a rapist with dementia who literally can’t speak a coherent sentence or a billionaire rapist who’s apparently going to create a dictatorship if he wins a second term according to certain retards. Nice.')
('Right', 'Can we give the PCM jannies a raise?')
('Centrist', 'I saw someone with a confederate flag and a Maga hat inside the capitol')
('Centrist', 'Does it mean centrists have about 0 points sum on everything')
('Right', 'Christian community do be like that')
('Right', 'u/nwordcountbot u/Flarrow_emo')
('Right', 'NOOO NOT GLITTERHOOF!')
('Libertarian Left', "With Republicans like this I just can't see why the GOP got destroyed in the midterms.")
('Libertarian Right', 'Every time you start thinking “Oh those people are so old, their concepts mean nothing in todays world” you are absolutely doomed to repeat the most horrific kinds of history.')
('Libertarian Right', 'omg, thats just perfect')
('Left', 'Cant believe garbage like this gets upvoted here. Get a grip.')
('Centrist', 'Nice, effort actually getting rewarded \n\nNot salty')
('Centrist', 'I will never eat or buy an m&m for the rest of my life')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Who are the center-right, Center-lib, and lib-left guys?')
('Right', 'Here’s a weird probably unrelated observation I’ve made: I see people point out the argument that Banning guns works in the UK, Japan, Australia and New Zealand. Now please correct me if I’m wrong but does any of this success of these laws have anything to do with the fact that those nations are islands? (Australia’s obviously the only nation that covers the continent of Oceania) they don’t border any other nations like how the US borders Mexico. scenario: So if somehow if lawful American gun owners we’re to comply with new US gun laws like Australia, wouldn’t criminals say “lmao fuck that law” and cause ironically even more gun deaths in the US?')
('Libertarian Right', 'Who is the one on Auth Right? Pinochet?')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Authright should be extra pissed their spank bank is gone.')
('Left', "It's a nation with some heavy judeo Christian values. I definitely appreciate the Quaker influence in particular even as a non-religious person.")
('Libertarian Right', 'A libright, his girlfriends age')
('Libertarian Left', 'Holy shit, I somehow agree with Tucker Carlson')
('Right', 'How do you do, fello fed boi’s?')
('Libertarian Left', 'Indonesia is fuckin weird.\n\nI’m pretty sure one of their presidents got a sex tape filmed by the Soviet KGB which they tried to use as a bartering chip against him... so he just told them to release it to the people of Indonesia so they could see how much of a big-dick alpha he was.\n\nChampion.')
('Libertarian Left', 'great drawing! exceot you missed the opportunity to mak libleft a femboy')
('Libertarian Right', 'Abort the baby, and woof all rape problems are solved. I am sorry, this sounds like the rapist POV')
('Right', 'Both because the degree is worthless, and it tells the employer a lot about the person that has it')
('Right', 'Based. That white dot I accidentally added to the nose is still there.')
('Libertarian Left', 'u/nwordcountbot u/cogo5646')
('Libertarian Right', 'nothing republican is small government')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Ahkchually....')
('Libertarian Left', 'How inaccurate.\n\nhard lib lefts would be happy but not buy the comic while auth right would say fuck off N word lover.')
('Right', 'The MAGA types are isolationists not interventionists.')
('Libertarian Left', 'i wish shootings happened every few months, more like every few weeks or days now')
('Centrist', 'this is fake')
('Centrist', 'Income would be funneled to and through underaged people as a way to avoid taxes.')
('Libertarian Left', 'this sub really likes shirtless men huh')
('Libertarian Right', 'I have been saying this shit for years')
('Left', 'Yeah, imagine how many girlfriends would exist if people didn’t wait until marriage. Waiting until marriage is murder.')
('Right', 'Who the hell still uses Google?')
('Libertarian Right', 'Oh do I love goth IHOP 😏')
('Authoritarian Right', 'How degenerate')
('Authoritarian Left', '"EDUCASTRATE"')
('Centrist', 'What did doomer leftists have besides unread copies of *Kapital* and anime body pillows?')
('Libertarian Right', 'its important to make the difference between country and the government\n\nyou can like your country (the people, the culture)\tand hate the government just fine')
('Centrist', 'God I love this sub')
('Authoritarian Right', 'u/vredditdownloader')
('Centrist', 'I don’t think it’s appropriate to describe Star Trek in modern economic terms given that everyone can have just about any material item they could want. The concept of economics as we know it doesn’t apply to many aspects of that universe. Although there is still colonization, resource extraction, military production, and black markets. There isn’t really any indication that any of these aspects outside the military are controlled by a central government. Federation members control most of their domestic politics on their own worlds.')
('Left', '“Under no pretext should arms and ammunition be surrendered; any attempts to disarm the people must be stopped, by force if necessary”\n\n-Karl')
('Left', '"You\'re gonna be poor--here\'s how to have just enough money to not qualify for EBT but not enough to meaningfully participate in government"')
('Centrist', 'Muslims had *much* more practice murdering Jews than the Nazis did.')
('Left', 'Based LibLeft')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Soyboys rn writing a 200 page essay how this will destroy racism and cause trump to resign')
('Authoritarian Right', 'but nobody votes on taxation laws')
('Left', 'I prefer neither because they are severly overpriced in my country. Like they cost 50% than other brands for some reason')
('Centrist', 'Oh no! Anyway')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Petition to create the -mama flair for u/Glorious_Jo')
('Libertarian Right', 'Retards and 14 year old teenagers')
('Libertarian Right', "0/10 Hitler isn't even holding German guns")
('Right', '"Is responsible for all the poor people suffering in the United States"\n\nReally? *Every single one* is Reagan\'s fault?\n\nDemocrats are just still salty that Jimmy Carter was an abject failure, and that the American people made that very clear by giving Reagan two of the biggest electoral landslides in history.')
('Libertarian Right', 'This is brilliant')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Move rocc\n\nLift sword\n\nI personally see no difference as they are both amazing feats of strength and it makes sence as to why they would be held so highly\n\nOkay but seriously I would pay money to see the strongest man try move that big ass rock')
('Left', 'b-b-BASED?')
('Centrist', 'Based as fuck my man')
('Centrist', 'Light em up boys 🔥')
('Libertarian Left', 'Welcome')
('Libertarian Right', 'I’m voting for Biden because I don’t qualify for a ~~stimulus~~ second tax return and I want the Federal government to have a dementia patient in charge as punishment')
('Libertarian Right', "I'm currently more worried about representation without taxation than the other way around.")
('Right', 'If you read the article, Mike Pence found the classified documents himself and SELF-REPORTED to the authorities. Like a nerd.\n\nAnd when he found them, he immediately secured them.\n\nI want to know why so many classified documents are being removed by politicians. But I also want them to do what Mike Pence did and do the right thing when he discovered the problem.')
('Centrist', "I don't even really like ice cream. Sensitive teeth gang")
('Libertarian Left', 'I don’t think I’m a political expert I’m just angry.')
('Left', 'Elon musk selectively releasing files to Tabbi \n\nCenter right: tHiS iS rEaL jOuRnAlIsM')
('Authoritarian Right', 'I never even took the test')
('Right', 'The fact that boomers took the Capitol in 2 hours, while antifa was  sieging down a random building in Portland for 3 months and were still unable to occupy it.')
('Centrist', 'I agree with republicans only on immigration laws')
('Libertarian Left', "Yep. The test essentially gaslights you into thinking it's promoting a healthy discussion by creating lanes that falsely represent movements/people/political views while subtly reinforcing the idea that really, a never-ending battle between Neocons and Neolibs is how the universe should be.\n\nEdit: had to pluralize gaslight mofo")
('Left', '12 years of Tory government will do that to any national health service. 😔')
('Authoritarian Right', 'What is this, a troll post? Was he supposed to invade Iraq BEFORE they invaded Kuwait? There was no war on terror in South Asia during his term. It was the Taliban fighting the Soviets. And he certainly didn\'t "ignore" the situation in Beruit.\n\nThe rest of your bullshit isn\'t worth my time to refute.')
('Left', 'Test')
('Libertarian Right', 'No Blue Bell? What a disappointment.')
('Centrist', 'This is big fax')
('Right', 'Based and Jesus Says No. pilled')
('Right', 'I just want my peanut butter mms. dont give a fuck about your advertising.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'AH looks so fucking cool in this.')
('Right', 'YES')
('Authoritarian Left', '"I\'m Not Tiny Because I\'m Asian, I\'m Tiny Because You\'re White" is a real article with real Asians upvoting it. " You see, with 4.3 billion Asians accounting for 60% of the world’s  population, our median size is the norm and you’re all deviating from  it. Americans choose to see us foreigners as small instead of  stereotyping themselves as huge."\n\nYou see we no longer live in a world where we merely perceive things. She can react this way because through mental gymnastics she has segregated the worlds populations by race and mathematically determined that being called tiny is racist.')
('Right', 'Weak on terror? Dude the Iranian hostage crisis ended the day he was elected terrorists were so scared of him. \n\nPromises of capitalism fell short? He created one of the strongest economies America has ever seen. You are full of BS')
('Centrist', 'Horse must be sad he never got turned into a glue stick')
('Libertarian Right', 'Guess I am auth right now')
('Libertarian Right', 'Dis dat good shit right here, nice job king')
('Left', "I may be stupid but wouldn't the bottom ones be LibUnity?")
('Authoritarian Right', 'Mfw I say no because my country isn’t right wing enough for my tastes and I get placed as a libleft anyway 😔😔😔')
('Centrist', 'I’m so glad the British are renaming what they call stolen artifacts')
('Authoritarian Right', 'i hate that an ss chad even exists\n\nsomeone had to draw that')
('Right', ' We have to take care of the cure that will make the problem worse no matter what')
('Centrist', 'Just got banned from a subreddit i want even a part of')
('Authoritarian Right', 'You caught me')
('Libertarian Left', 'TF?')
('Left', 'Why is this exactly how that shitty test works lmao')
('Libertarian Left', 'Centrist: Well, there *are* terms of service...')
('Libertarian Left', 'if the flair is blue the arrow is too')
('Libertarian Right', 'Makes sense; brain damage might make someone think that getting chemotherapy is socialism')
('Centrist', 'tarian')
('Authoritarian Left', 'As a Catholic I want authright to stop protesting')
('Centrist', 'Sigh, the interests of minors is represented by their parents.')
('Authoritarian Right', '"Ya\'ll"? How inbred are you?')
('Centrist', 'Good ol Caliphate of Stockholm')
('Libertarian Right', "lemme guess the original source is some sort of incest comic ain't it.")
('Right', "Bethesda ME is still libright; because it doesn't give a fuck about anything except money and popularity")
('Right', 'That is a horrible title.')
('Right', 'Based and unfathomably high effort pilled')
('Left', "I'm in the far bottom, mid yellow. I look like and am a man but think we should be post-gender")
('Left', 'Meanwhile, Democrat authright trying to court libleft to vote against Trump')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Pfft that bot ain’t tough')
('Centrist', 'Skeletons are most gendered aspect of our body second to actual genitalia')
('Right', 'Does this technically destroy the legitimacy of America’s existence? If they were going to tax with out representing anyway then they had no reason to declare independence')
('Right', "well i see where auth right is coming from, we shouldn't have to see woke, conservative or any political propaganda in things like fucking ice cream, there's s lot of other places to promote your party")
('Libertarian Right', 'always count on PCM to have the only actually funny take on this')
('Right', 'That centrist is the Chad. He likely gets his meat locally hunting with his bare fists and enormous speed. He loves animals.')
('Libertarian Right', "Lol offensive this, offensive that, Emily's at it again, I guess")
('Centrist', 'Really good')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Beautiful')
('Libertarian Left', 'I, for one, welcome our new arachnid overlords')
('Libertarian Left', '2021 is starting off well.\n\nUp next Covid 2, riots, genocide, fall of Disney and Nintendo and more. \n\n/S')
('Authoritarian Right', 'I think floating up is a form of evolution. Suck it darwin')
('Right', 'Yeah like. Shit like this is why we don\'t take left activists at their word when they claim it\'s only about "acceptance", especially with how much the "drag queen story hour" is meant to start generative discussions with children. It\'s pure motte and Bailey, and if they don\'t drop it it\'s only going to be worse for sane LGBT down the road. They\'re literally vindicating the old \'90s fears.')
('Libertarian Left', 'this is a really great post, this is a really good use of the compass, the music and illustration really sells it \n\n10/10 meme of the month')
('Left', '[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ig2tItOIRag](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ig2tItOIRag)')
('Centrist', 'While this is absolutely vile and Bolsonaro should be held accountable for this, it’s not “genocide” strictly speaking. Still doesn’t make him any less responsible though')
('Centrist', "You're such a fucking chad")
('Libertarian Right', "Ya see this shit? This is why I became a weeb, so I don't have to see this shit.")
('Right', "I've always thought it better to look at it in terms of the role that church and state play.  \n\nThe state was more of the legal and public side. It is about what we can and cannot do.  The church was more of a moral and private side.  It is more directed at what you should or should not do.  The state should not tell us what is good and what is bad just like the church should not make laws.  The state can be influenced by the effects of the church as the church can influence people to obey the law.  \n\nThe important thing is they are not linked in the same way as the Church of England and the King were linked.\n\nThe US is a secular nation with Christian values and influences.")
('Left', 'People should stop looking left and right. We should unionise, organise and tear down this fucked up system')
('Centrist', 'Fear our power for we are eternal')
('Right', 'It’s because leftists ban us from every subreddit, so we have to make a new account just so they can do it again, and be content with getting in what we can before you faggots try and whack-a-mole us again.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Honestly, I’d go to all of these *except* Egirl Applebees.\n\nHell, I’d got to all of the rest *daily*')
('Authoritarian Left', "Am I the only one that likes these new characters? I think they're neat")
('Left', 'M and m’s aren’t even good smarties ftw')
('Libertarian Left', 'Wait, which rape accused old white guy who can’t put a thought into words that is agains Medicare for all even in the middle of a pandemic are we supposed to vote for again?')
('Libertarian Left', '*laughs in LibLeft*')
('Libertarian Right', "All accounts should be burner accounts. I've been on reddit for over a decade now. Fuck anyone being able to see what a normal person wrote back in the early 2000's")
('Authoritarian Left', 'Tbh I agree unironically')
('Libertarian Left', 'This sub tries to be clever in how it manipulates what you see. The far-right very often endeavors to cherry-pick certain individuals and quotes from notable activists throughout history to try and spin an agenda. Malcolm X made some negative comments about “white liberals” that the right likes to latch onto. Sort of how there’s only one quote by MLK that the right likes to quote and they take it completely out of context….')
('Authoritarian Right', 'BUST BUST BUST BIST BUST')
('Libertarian Right', 'funny you make the whole right side look like delusional psychopaths when *yes they are in fact* trying to take guns away, they just proved it by creating 40 *million* felonies out of nowhere.\n\n"oh yeah? what new law did they pass, huh?"\n\nwell, no new law. that\'s the best part. the ATF has decided it has the ability to create defacto laws by "reinterpreting" actual laws, and nobody in government is bothering to stop them.\n\nso yeah, "delusional frenzy" if by that you mean "has pattern recognition and critical thinking"')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Libright should have been Ayn Rand 😳')
('Authoritarian Right', '"And United we stand under one Banner, a Banner of Preservation, a Banner of Equality, a Banner of Economic Superiority, lets go forth and Conquer the Stars, Exploit any Extraterrestial that dares to Question our Morality, lets go brothers."')
('Right', 'When the fuck did we all agree that we loved Maya Rudolph?')
('Left', 'Yes, I am a tumblr political expert, how could you tell?')
('Left', 'Good. Maybe this will lead to people not being so ignorant on the subject.')
('Centrist', 'Absolutely amazing man! Top work!')
('Right', 'Popular opinion: racist shit can be funny sometimes')
('Centrist', '[Awaken my compass!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XUhVCoTsBaM)')
('Right', "Tfw the neolibs support most of that but they're magically centrist still. Just average redditor things.")
('Left', "This was clearly a provocation in context, commenting on how at the time homosexuality was equated with paedophilia. and even if it wasn't, it isn't like it would mean anything, the guy who wrote didn't speak for every member of the movement.")
('Left', 'This is the level of internal consistency we should all strive for, gentlemen')
('Libertarian Left', 'Beautiful')
('Centrist', "I think the most offensive one was screen boi and his fathers internet gas. That internet gas must've had some sort of carcinogenic because that shit gave me a brain tumor when I read the description")
('Left', "I'm glad I can say I don't support anything on that anymore.")
('Right', "It...it's all Centrist?")
('Libertarian Left', 'MAGA is top right, change my mind')
('Libertarian Right', 'You say like being the anti-christ is a bad thing.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'in mother Russia too')
('Right', 'They only rage against the machine when their handlers want them to silly')
('Centrist', 'Friendly reminder that cannabis, cocaine and ecstasy are illegal in the UK anyway')
('Libertarian Left', 'Petition to make these the new flairs so I can maintain my erection while I go through this sub')
('Right', "I think the worst part about it is how the designs are so fucking shit. Both visually and narratively. \n\nThey literally look and sound like they're characters from a PSA children would be shown during an assembly or something...")
('Left', 'The original cells that were used to develop 80% of modern medicine have contributed more to mankind than any human has or ever will. Their sacrifice has not been forgotten.')
('Left', 'How about lib left split the difference and go full auth left forever?')
('Left', "I'm not really in favor of gun bans but this is a bad argument.\n\nIt will be much easier to enforce laws on illegal guns if all guns are illegal.\n\nRight now seeing someone walking down the street with a gun is not probable cause to stop them because guns can be legally carried.  And you cannot stop guns at the manufacturer or importer or sales level because they can be sold legally.\n\nIt's much easier to stop the flow of illegal guns, and catch people with illegal guns before they use them, if all guns are illegal.  Because you can literally just seize and destroy every gun you see, and report and arrest anyone you see with a gun.\n\nGuns are illegal in lots of countries, and those countries have much fewer illegal guns and much less gun crime.  Laws actually do make things they outlaw less common, even if they can't stop them entirely.")
('Authoritarian Right', 'Giving people free money is still cringe')
('Libertarian Left', 'Where da women at')
('Libertarian Right', 'Man, China is fucked up.')
('Right', 'https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/mike-pence-supported-gay-conversion-therapy/')
('Centrist', 'They’re doing this to distract everyone from their human rights violations in Africa')
('Left', "B&Js has vegan versions of many of its flavors, which I appreciate, but it's simply too expensive.\n\nNever tried HD.")
('Centrist', 'Every President and Vice President currently living is going to have Top Secret documents somewhere.  The problem is the left decided to make it an issue for Trump.  And those “I turned everything over” statements signed by Trump where also signed by everyone else.\n\nSo do you drop it, or do we toss it everyone in jail?')
('Libertarian Right', 'Lib-right knows reddit is a private platform')
('Right', 'u/nwordcountbot u/nwordcountbot')
('Libertarian Right', 'Ah yes, the Canadian highschool baby seal club. Right next to the M.A.I.D cafe.')
('Authoritarian Right', "This meme has been around for like 5 years+.\n\nIt's hilarious seeing the zoomers act like this is revolutionary lol")
('Right', "What was wrong with the M&M's?")
('Libertarian Left', ':)')
('Centrist', 'Kinda based af ngl.')
('Left', 'I gotta have my booze though')
('Centrist', 'u/nwordcountbot u/Valaki757')
('Left', 'Technocrat dub.')
('Centrist', '>1.2k\n\nLooks like we got some comedians on our hands')
('Right', 'This is so sad😭, what happened to owning libtards 😎')
('Centrist', 'I would say this is agenda posting but I whole-heartedly agree')
('Centrist', 'Yes because the people who stole the artifacts have “respect”.')
('Libertarian Left', 'We have this in Australia. I just assumed America would have it too. Your country is so fucked up')
('Centrist', 'Honestly, that meme just reminds me of my sister. She was miscarried when she was a few months along, so I had a significant amount of time to form a bond with her. About a week after I first felt her kick, my mother and father called a family meeting in the living room and told us that my sister didn’t make it.\n\nAs I’ve grown older, I’ve wondered what it would have been like if she had survived. There is a hole in my heart where my 14 year-old sister should be and I’ve never really had a place to process my feelings. That meme was the first place where I’ve seen people express feelings even remotely close to what I’ve been trying to work through.\n\nScrew OP for trashing people who felt sad with the original meme. You guys have helped me start to come to terms with something I should have dealt with a long time ago.\n\nI miss you Rachel. Rest in peace.')
('Right', 'CMV: India should have gone Market Socialist damn it or Social (Welfare) Capitalist .....')
('Right', 'u/nwordcountbot u/nword')
('Libertarian Left', 'unironically based')
('Libertarian Right', 'The nazis used a lot of foreign volunteers. "Enemy of my enemy is my friend" works in recruiting often.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Why is hitler authcenter? Can someone explain?')
('Libertarian Right', "For most lib rights, they work at Wendy's to give actual traders their money.")
('Libertarian Right', 'so how does the test use the question “a mothers first priority should be homemaking” or however they word it? my first instinct is that that would put you more authright and my first answer was “no” but then upon reevaluating i realized that, yes if a person decides to have children then taking care of their child should come before a career/other personal things. i ended up libright, how did that answer influence my result?')
('Libertarian Right', 'Stalin, Hitler, Pinochet\n\nTrotsky, Griller, ????\n\n????, ????, Rothbard')
('Right', 'Whats this anti-horse propaganda? You are jelous of thier dicks?')
('Libertarian Right', '"Educastrate." Insert boomer checking 1984 calendar meme.')
('Centrist', 'I belieeeve them bones are me')
('Right', 'Bruh momento no. 69')
('Left', 'u/userleansbot')
('Libertarian Left', 'I’ve never really looked at american news. Is this what they do? Just tell you what to think?')
('Left', 'u/basedcount_bot u/AttemptWarm')
('Right', 'Same happened to my friend rofl')
('Left', 'Duh?\n\nI can barely remember being that age, but I remember noticing this injustice.')
('Libertarian Left', '**Holy fucking BASED.**')
('Libertarian Left', 'Fuck off, Marvel')
('Centrist', 'There aren’t even people in Egypt who are reverent towards the Pharos or the Egyptian gods lol, who could possibly be actually offended?')
('Libertarian Right', 'Listen here Jack\n\nWhere am i')
('Libertarian Left', "If you think Hitler is auth center then you're very, very far to the right.")
('Left', "It's dumb and cringy, but I don't really care, it doesn't affect my life at all.")
('Libertarian Left', 'Fuck this is so good')
('Libertarian Left', 'Never laughed so hard to a meme mocking my affiliation')
('Right', "I mean I don't know enough about Maya Rudolph to have an opinion on that aspect but man the rest of this says some interesting and sad things about the world.")
('Libertarian Right', 'Genuinely unsure how anyone could see this as a bad thing. Everyone should be encouraged to be more financially literate. The orange-left of Twitter will be really struggling to come up with a criticism of this one.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Damn AuthLeft is hot!')
('Right', "That's generous in time")
('Left', 'U N I T Y')
('Libertarian Left', 'Someone n word count me?')
('Libertarian Left', 'baww')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Dark')
('Libertarian Left', 'periodt')
('Centrist', '*There is an imposter among us*')
('Centrist', 'Chad Emily is rough')
('Right', 'Auth-right Di Ravello?????????')
('Left', 'Suggestion: I think leftcentre or libleft should be George Orwell')
('Libertarian Left', "Now suppose, hypothetically, that she could've existed. Now suppose, again hypothetically, that she would've dated one of us. There's your problem, that's impossible.")
('Authoritarian Right', 'Average watermelon post')
('Right', 'The first worst one is FDR right? That commie piece of shit should have succumbed to polio.')
('Left', 'LMAO HOW IS THIS REAL?!')
('Libertarian Right', 'My god this is a beauty')
('Libertarian Left', '> includes vegan options\n\nSo lib left is the ONLY tolerate one?')
('Libertarian Right', 'now that is just mint right there')
('Centrist', 'Everybody already knew that intelligence agencies were working with social media companies. Truly a nothing burger')
('Left', "As an European, I don't understand Americans.\n\nWhere did fighting for ideals go? Why fight for a man who doesn't even represent them? Is it all just cavemen tribal politics now?")
('Libertarian Right', 'That post is absolutely GLOWing. I can hear the feds umm I mean white nationalists saying “do a terror”')
('Libertarian Left', 'haha old dude go I forgor 💀')
('Libertarian Left', 'Both Libright  should be split, one half with what is currently there, and the other half with the same image but with a line saying "but I respect a company\'s right to run things their own way."\n\nLibleft should also be split, both with the upper image on AuthLeft being on the other side.')
('Libertarian Left', '"hehe funny word"')
('Libertarian Left', 'Most of these arguments are why I simp for weed over alcohol.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'No but seriously like what the fuck my quadrant you lost')
('Libertarian Left', 'Translation: the hoodie has half a rainbow on it so it must be antifa faking it! (Ignores the thousands of photos of maga being actual nazis and the dozens of laws being passed by the right that mirror what the nazis did)')
('Libertarian Left', 'Goofy ahh roblox looking logo')
('Right', 'u/nwordcountbot u/travam1')
('Right', 'Man fuck Pence.\n\nAll my homies hate Pence.')
('Libertarian Right', '#AYA AYAY')
('Libertarian Right', "I'm a mix of gun builder and literalist. Oh and SWBI. \n\n\nThose sweet sweet dividend yields")
('Left', 'u/nwordcountbot u/Bit_of_a_Hater')
('Right', "Who gives a fuck about Pence? He's a traitor anyway, so he shouldn't get any protection from the Right.")
('Left', 'I feel a full compass unity')
('Libertarian Left', '2004? Whoa never heard about this until last year')
('Centrist', 'Let me check')
('Libertarian Right', '"I had an ideology, until muh personal experience got in the way of my beliefs"\n\nI hope she recovers, and obviously nobody deserves that, but if personal experience changes your worldview you didn\'t think your worldview through enough.')
('Libertarian Left', "Working people shouldn't be taxed at all, capitalists on the other hand..")
('Right', 'This is way too high effort')
('Left', "I-I bet he wouldn't have threatened to permaban me because I keep telling people that they're stupid! 😭😭😭")
('Libertarian Right', '"are some people naturally lucky?"\n\n  \n\n\n"Are some races superior to others?" (Or something like that)')
('Libertarian Left', 'Racist memes can’t not be funny')
('Libertarian Right', 'ironic how he claims leftists are fearmongering whilst fearmongering about leftists')
('Centrist', 'Rare Florida W')
('Centrist', 'If you actually wanted to show respect you would put them back in their holes instead of moving them across the planet')
('Libertarian Right', "So just don't have all three at once.")
('Right', 'Physically remove virginity... is there a way to mentally remove virginity?')
('Libertarian Right', "I don't know what you depict a wiki editor as but it sure as fuck isn't a chad.")
('Authoritarian Right', 'It’s like an ending to a horror movie about a haunting.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'I can confirm Florida doesn’t exists. Source: Lives in Florida')
('Centrist', "But isn't nearly everything taxed without representation? How many times does a vehicle get sales tax on it when it sells to new buyers over and over again?")
('Libertarian Right', 'Spoken like a true leftist')
('Libertarian Right', 'Blood for the blood god. Skulls for the skull throne.')
('Left', 'American elections be like: which rapist do you want?')
('Authoritarian Left', "Lamenting over hypothetical people/situations/whatever is so stupid. \n\nGuys, help me I'm so depressed, a fictional government stole my fictional property and took away the fictional nobel prize I won. I'm so depressed.")
('Libertarian Left', "Hey it's me, corporation! We have a shit ton of anal sex and we support you having anal sex. At least now that it's profitable. I'm lovin it:)")
('Libertarian Left', "Oh god he's becoming self aware")
('Libertarian Left', 'Right Wingers: *Complain about M&Ms being woke because... reasons\n\nAlso Right Wingers: "why are leftist ruining m&ms?"')
('Centrist', 'Context')
('Right', 'Guaranteeing the right to life for unborn babies isn’t authright you fucking retard')
('Right', '500$ per human right')
('Left', "I agree with authright what's that? Seriously wtf is that, did communism steal all the pixels or what?")
('Authoritarian Right', "I mean, libleft got gay, trans, and whatever else rights normalized after trans. So there's those 2 wins and 2 authright L's")
('Centrist', 'Well, they’re not wrong. Downvote me if you like, I don’t care.')
('Centrist', 'As someone who grew up in Bethesda, MD, this really confused me for a sec')
('Left', "I'm left and a bit auth and this is correct.")
('Centrist', 'As a Saudi, I’m glad that you Westerners now know how some of your companies use current issues to get money from them.')
('Centrist', "Oh, you're a statist? Then solve every single problem in the world right now. Oh, you can't? Checkmate, utopian.")
('Libertarian Right', 'Communism makes perfect sense when you remove your brain!')
('Libertarian Left', 'GO OUTSIDE.\n\n\n\n*is what I would say if this weren’t actually really good.*')
('Right', 'Bro m, Tucker was voting for Bernie until he got snuffed in 2016.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'u/nwordcountbot u/freshmarketshoes')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Dudes always try to say it’s an “alt account to save my karma for my main account” nope I was banned for violent content')
('Libertarian Left', 'Retard')
('Centrist', 'I’m lib left but support Auth Right’s god given right to say nigger.')
('Libertarian Left', '“Serve drugs”')
('Authoritarian Right', "The left definitely do not want the people to have guns, libleft is scared of them and is told by authleft that they are bad and authleft doesn't want the people to have guns as soon as they are in power")
('Centrist', "Wikipedia editors can get fucked. Not all are bad I'm sure but a good amount of them have a power complex as well as having an insane level of bias.")
('Libertarian Left', 'The greatest, most universal polcomp of all time')
('Right', 'When did we go wrong as a species?')
('Libertarian Left', 'Very based lib-right')
('Libertarian Left', 'I love this meme')
('Libertarian Right', 'theres been a lot of shitty ones on the front page of this sub lately but this one is godly')
('Left', 'I should be more concerned about the tweet but I can’t get over “fascist pancakes” 😭')
('Libertarian Left', 'One is owned by Unilever and the other by Nestlé so ill just eat neither :/')
('Libertarian Left', 'Do these people actually exist?')
('Libertarian Left', 'Truth')
('Libertarian Left', 'I’m trans(nb), no my parents don’t know, but I’ve been raised well, and been looked after my whole life so far, yet I’m sure in my gender identity. I’m only not coming out because I know it would be too much of a hassle, and also extended relatives would find out sooner enough, and they don’t have very progressive views. I’m honestly doing this out of love.')
('Libertarian Right', 'I was not worthy of witnessing that greatness')
('Libertarian Left', 'Yeah, but Biden is also auth right, we really have no fucking choice.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'STALIN AND HITLER!!! YES!')
('Authoritarian Right', 'You caught me 😞')
('Libertarian Left', "That's right, then companies can pay them less because they aren't being taxed")
('Right', 'Incredible')
('Libertarian Left', 'As someone in the libleft quadrant, I roll my eyes every time this stupid scaremongering gimmick gets discussed. If we were ever as close to annihilation as this gimmick would have us believe, then we would all be dead already.')
('Right', "I think this post was pretty funny because they're not even attempting to create propaganda or strawmen or anything. They just said here's a picture create your own story in your head.")
('Right', 'Just avoid business they actively try to screw you as a consumer.')
('Centrist', "I'm curious about mine.")
('Authoritarian Right', 'Bruh is taking his politics from /pol/')
('Libertarian Right', 'Too much movement and not enough high lighter')
('Libertarian Right', 'One of these is not like the others.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'The schitzo PCM aborted multiverse is looking promising')
('Libertarian Right', 'What? The punishment is getting undoccumented?')
('Left', 'God Bernie or bust mentality is just cringe.')
('Right', 'I accept it')
('Centrist', "One of you guys turned me on to Tillamook after the last time someone posted a similar low effort meme.\n\nI don't know or care for their politics, but I gotta say, it's better than both brands.")
('Centrist', '“There’s two kinds of people in this world: \nthose with loaded guns, and those who dig.”')
('Libertarian Left', 'I want the word asshole banned as it offensive to one of our most productive body parts. It has to do a lot of Stretching And pushing in order to excrete waste. They are a hard working kind that do not need to be synonymous with reprehensible people.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Has COVID made anyone else so dreadfully bored that they’ve considered cancelling themselves just to feel some excitement?')
('Libertarian Left', '🐒')
('Right', "Maybe we should've left them as peasants")
('Centrist', 'Christian transhumanists are just the early form of the adeptus mechanicus.\n\nWhich is immensely based...')
('Centrist', 'If anyone wants to know, the movie is Jojo Rabbit, and it’s brilliant.')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Taking away driving licences from people who do illegal drugs sounds perfectly reasonable to me. Though there could be some issues enforcing it. I suppose confiscating vehicles from people who lost their licence is also an option.')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Tucker doing the fascist pivot to endorse populist policies. Can’t say he isn’t smart at what he does but a fascist remains a fascist')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Based and fucked around and found out pilled.')
('Centrist', 'U/savevideo')
('Libertarian Left', 'So what are british children gonna call their mother now')
('Right', '>retards that think they are political experts\n\n\nI can confirm this is accurate. Based.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'u/nwordcountbot u/nesmutant')
('Left', 'Listen jack, I just want a god dam picture of a hotdog')
('Libertarian Right', 'They don’t do it just because, they do it because they enjoy the feeling of helping others. That’s their incentive.')
('Libertarian Right', 'u/nwordcountbot u/brendanmicyd')
('Right', 'I don\'t think there is a single thing on this earth that is a greater testament to mankind\'s hubris than this silly \'doomsday clock\'. Actually just a bunch of \'scientists\' shouting on the streets about "The end is coming!" but all the loons take it seriously because it is \'official\'.')
('Libertarian Left', '“I want a religious society, I want a secular government”\n\n-Thomas Jefferson')
('Centrist', "Didn't he create the republican bullshit of underfunding services and calling it freedom")
('Centrist', 'Many people in his administration either quit, been fired, arrested, indicted, or convicted of breaking the law or violating the ethics code. Edwin Meese was investigated by four separate prosecutors. Four separate prosecutors had to look into the activities of the Attorney General, and the Attorney General is the nation\'s leading law enforcement officer. These were the supposed law and order people. They were elected with the help of the moral majority and the Teamsters Union. Organized religion and organized crime working together to build a better America. \n\nThe above was from George Carlin\'s 1988 HBO special called "What Am I Doing in New Jersey?"')
('Libertarian Right', 'This meme as the Atlanta riots are going on')
('Right', "Just so you guys know the Yanomami are the owners and residents to a are the size of the Netherlands, Denmark and Switzerland all together and this only on the State of Roraima.\n\nThe army cannot operate there. Nor the federal police, nor the state police, not without a court authorization. \n\nThe only government agency that can enter there is the agency that deals with indigenous people, and even this agency have only 1360 employees to cover the entirety of the Amazon region. \n\nSo there's absolutely nothing that Bolsonaro could do, no one can enter there without a court authorization, if something happens the area is so huge that no one could locate anything.\n\nAnd before anyone said something like you don't know what you are talking about I worked on Roraima in Pacaraima, close to the Yanomami reservation of Raposa do Sol a area as big as Lebanon. \n\nYou can't even go to Roraima after 6PM through land because the federal highway that cross the state pass through indigenous land and they literally close the highway with a chain after 6PM.\nAnd by court orders they have the right to close the highway.")
('Libertarian Right', 'I’d be cold in the ground before I recognize the “superiority” of the English culture.')
('Libertarian Right', 'u/jarlikcountbot')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Unironically fucking based')
('Libertarian Right', 'u/VredditDownloader')
('Authoritarian Right', '**A Y A Y A Y A Y A**')
('Right', 'What a fucked up thing to say. I’m prolife.')
('Right', 'Like Trump and Biden, this is probably a case of over classification.  I heard a story from a daughter of a former intelligence officer who claimed intelligence agencies would classify newspaper articles because it said something about a foreign government.')
('Centrist', 'Been saying this for years.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Look at zie Fuhrer Adolf Lifter  and Joseph Swolin')
('Libertarian Right', 'Why tf do they even feel the need for marketing, let alone woke marketing?? It’s candy, bro, it already markets itself')
('Libertarian Right', 'Imagine unironically thinking that a teenager would ever be a net tax contributor')
('Right', 'For the record, I hate interventionism and the NSA')
('Libertarian Right', 'Rage did that to themselves. Those commies can hold the L in perpetuity')
('Authoritarian Right', 'The people who need it the most won’t pay attention.')
('Left', 'u/nwordcountbot u/somepoliticsnerd')
('Libertarian Right', 'Based and fuck the two party system pilled')
('Authoritarian Right', '*authright likes this post*')
('Authoritarian Right', 'I feel centrist now')
('Libertarian Right', "I mean when Ben & Jerry's openly calls for rioting on Twitter I can't really support them. Also Häagen-Dazs is overpriced.")
('Right', 'Just another day in the Screaming Mad Twenties')
('Left', 'Until the right takes climate change seriously, they don’t deserve to be taken seriously')
('Libertarian Right', 'hey remember when r/againsthatesubs posted cp to get other subs banned and keep denying it')
('Centrist', 'Where is everyone’s favorite fascist dictator Mussolini')
('Right', 'Oh! Oh! Do me now!')
('Left', 'Marvel is being extra retarded lately, like with that 12 year old trans super hero')
('Centrist', 'Exactly.')
('Left', 'And people say the left can be too intense, holy shit.')
('Left', 'We need house mascots for each quadrant with a point system')
('Libertarian Left', 'Yeah i dont see whats wrong without this')
('Libertarian Right', 'I think this is something just to set up for a Super Bowl ad, but I could be wrong.')
('Libertarian Right', '"Supports every political opinion except for conservatives, communists, and libertarians."\n\nI\'m dead lmao')
('Libertarian Right', 'No')
('Centrist', 'he only got in because he was charismatic.')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Dude is literally a nazi. Fascist using leftwing rhetoric to further his goals.')
('Libertarian Right', "If your mother's womb is her privet property, that means she probably lived there at some point, so that would mean she's your sister.")
('Authoritarian Left', 'the music and posters alone are moving me more authleft')
('Libertarian Right', 'I’m going to say this for the people in the back\n\n(Clears throat)\n“TAXATION IS THEFT”')
('Authoritarian Right', " Puerto Rico shouldn't pay taxes. They can't even vote for America's president, but they're legally apart of America, having to follow the same laws")
('Libertarian Left', '/u/vredditshare')
('Right', 'Might as well break this one in  \n\n\nNigger.')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Centrist dems on reddit are now acting like that kid who on christmas got a shitty toy and is now mad that nobody wants to play with their toy.\n\nHey assholes, Biden was the least popular among young people not just compared to sanders but almost all other candidates since january. His voting base is almost nonexistent on reddit, don’t act shocked and start calling people secret rightwing trolls when they make fun of him and shit on him. Dude is uninspiring piece of turd and only reason to vote for him is because there is even bigger turn running against him, that doesn’t mean we have to be excited about his candidacy.')
('Authoritarian Right', "I'm AuthRight because if someone's morality is going to be legislated, it might as well be mine, not because I want big government or a welfare state.")
('Libertarian Right', "Profit motive is how you get people to do things they don't WANT to do. Good luck finding a volunteer septic truck driver.\n\nAlso, Wikipedia editors are there to push a narrative and volunteer firefighters get infinite pussy just for having the hat. There's DEFINITE profit motive at play for those two, it just isn't immediately monetary.")
('Libertarian Left', 'Vermin Supreme 2020')
('Libertarian Left', 'Have at thee, u/nwordcountbot')
('Right', 'This is worse then all hentai combined')
('Centrist', 'This must be the highest effort post ever\n\nbased')
('Centrist', 'This wins. Retire the meme')
('Libertarian Right', "Wide-eyed Chad is scary\n\nBecause.. If he's scared.. I should be too")
('Authoritarian Right', 'We need to update voting laws to land owners and non retards, and also eliminate taxes')
('Left', 'Literally half of r/PresidentialRaceMemes at the moment')
('Libertarian Right', "Purple LibRight also in shambles especially. I'm with Purple on this one.")
('Libertarian Left', 'Holy shit where’s the “Harry Potter isn’t real” clip')
('Libertarian Left', 'We do a little trolling')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Everybody’s gone to the\n\n V̴̧̫͉̲̥̺͒̃o̶̢̖̠̤̳͇̝̹̼̥͇̓̍͑̑̍͜i̷̛̹̥͗̑̽̀̏̈́̈́͊d̸̨̢͙̗͈̘̳̭̮͉̟̂́̇̎̎̀͌̃̾͆̇̈̽͘͠ͅ')
('Authoritarian Right', 'He nailed why trump won. Cnn told you it’s because of white supremacy. When in reality it’s a class struggle. I see it as wealth leaving the country and the other side might see it as wealth going to the top.')
('Libertarian Right', "When was the last president or vice president that didn't have classified documents at their house/office?\n\nThe gooberment over classifies documents all the time. I bet half the stuff they found at Trump/Biden/Pence's house was equivalent to a classified lunch menu.\n\nEdit: Oh cool, this comment got me autobanned from Justice served, A sub I forgot I was subscribed to.")
('Libertarian Left', 'now both the candidates are mentally ill')
('Libertarian Left', 'Hottest post on this sub')
('Centrist', 'Y’all hear sumn?')
('Libertarian Left', 'Hahahaa')
('Left', "Again, forgetting about some documents or putting them in the wrong box, then turning them over immediately when you notice them and fully cooperating with investigators, is dumb but not a big deal.\n\nClinton's email servers were a big deal because it was an intentional and systematic mishandling of information, and they didn't fully cooperate with investigators when it was discovered.  Trump was a big deal because it was a *lot* of documents and not accidental, and they lied to and resisted investigators to keep it when it was discovered by a third party.")
('Right', 'Profit can be many things. \n\nModders usually do it for themselves.\n\nVolunteer Firefighters may do it for self satisfaction.\n\nAnyone I’ve ever known to edit Wikipedia articles has always had some sort of “I know more than most people and I have to prove it” syndrome.\n\nI cannot speak for FOSS programmers, but I know that most do it to refine their skills. \n\nProfit can be a lot of things, but rarely do people not do it for a purpose')
('Centrist', 'We still have to go d e e p e r')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Giving money back they already took from you in taxes eekwal gommunism :DD')
('Libertarian Left', 'Who liked marvel to begin with? They have been pushing out corporate products for a while now. Fuck Disney and DC too btw')
('Centrist', 'I liked this community better when we were more ironic about political affiliations')
('Centrist', '/u/userleansbot /u/James_Locke')
('Libertarian Left', 'I’m complaining, ironic racism is still racism. But y’all ain’t ironic in here.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Libleft: 😳I’ll take them all')
('Libertarian Right', 'Just in case it wasn’t obvious. Nothing about that post is actually true. He didn’t say any of those things.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Based Florida and now teach them how to grill pilled')
('Libertarian Right', 'Tf when stimulus check is from taxes, we are paying ourselves here')
('Centrist', '_slams fists on table_\n\n“THEY MADE THE GREEN M&M LESS SEXY!”')
('Libertarian Right', 'I am racist tho... \n\nThere is no but.')
('Libertarian Right', "Y'know, as absolutely batshit as DolphinFucker69's statements were, I'd still like to think he would have stepped up and been a responsible parent for the  ̶U̶n̶h̶o̶l̶y̶ ̶ ̶a̶b̶o̶m̶i̶n̶a̶t̶i̶o̶n̶ ̶ science defying life he sired.")
('Left', "I think it's because we know we're laughing at the people who believe it, not the meme itself\n\nAlthough I say that, but I totally think a lot of the memes are pretty good lol")
('Left', 'u/vredditshare')
('Libertarian Left', 'DEAR LORD THE PEOPLE IN THE COMMENTS NEED JESUS')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Okay, I genuinely have no clue, what do the majority of Americans belong to?')
('Libertarian Left', 'no ban but more regulations pls 😔')
('Authoritarian Left', 'How long does it take you to make those? How much time do you spend per compass, and how often do you post?')
('Right', 'No supermarket ice cream beats the Häagen-Dazs macadamia nut brittle')
('Right', 'I assume they get their TV loicenses taken away too.')
('Right', 'Tbf there’s 2 main halves of the Republican Party the libright side and aut right one also flair up bitch')
('Right', 'Its...its beautiful\n\nMy eyes have never laid upon something so absolutely glorious')
('Left', 'God these tests suck. Why am i considered extremely liberal for my opinion of “you can do what you want if it doesn’t affect me”')
('Centrist', 'They somehow hit the mark and missed it completely at the same time.')
('Centrist', 'Wales?\n\nWtf is that?')
('Right', "I genuinely thought about doing this in a couple of threads, but I can't even ACT like I like Bernie long enough to make it happen. Let's hope we get some truly high quality candidates in 2024.")
('Centrist', 'Had me until the rant about maga')
('Libertarian Left', 'Never ask a gamer their K/D ratio')
('Authoritarian Left', '> When Kamala’s Law goes into effect\n\nwhat\n\n> “The world is a vampire…and so am I.”\n\nhelp my brain is melting out of my nose')
('Centrist', 'I love Tucker')
('Libertarian Left', 'Who is the man for lib center?  Is the Timothy Leary?')
('Libertarian Right', 'The founders actually had rapid-fire repeating weapons. Not full auto in the strictest sense, but check out the Puckle gun sometime.')
('Libertarian Left', "Were I American, I'd vote for dementia-dude over malicious-man.\n\nSure you're basically gonna get a guy who just does whatever the establishment Democrats want, but there won't be as much disastrous shit like pulling out of the Iran deal.")
('Authoritarian Right', 'Libleft is mad that there’s no women')
('Libertarian Left', 'Sometimes I wish i could return to the days when I didn’t know what a political compass was')
('Libertarian Left', 'u/nwordcountbot u/hamsterbilly')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Difference here is that Pence himself reported the documents as being in his home. \n\nWhether or not he knew they were there this whole time is one thing; but unlike Trump and Biden, Pence didn’t hide this or lie about it to his advantage')
('Libertarian Right', 'u/nwordcountbot u/IAWFT')
('Authoritarian Left', 'If you dont work enough to get taxed then you cnat vote, because thats representation without taxation')
('Libertarian Left', "I just fell in love with this subreddit, I think Hunter S. Thompson would be proud. I literally have avoided news and political discussions for years, but I started using reddit to see how other people think and searched for 'politics' because I can't avoid it any longer. I found you guys. Faith in humanity restored ....\n\np.s. Sorry for my flair-less-ness, the guy from office space hasn't come in the night like a meme-fairy and dropped any off yet in exchange for Cosmos knows what")
('Centrist', 'This is some Doctor Who level shit.\n\nAnd I love it.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Eh. There should be no such thing as an "illegal gun". The constitution doesn\'t say "except for illegal guns". That\'s not a real thing. The problem is assholes shooting people.')
('Right', '4th best president in my book')
('Right', 'Ban abortion, allow weed/gay marriage.\n\nFuck the NSA, torture (where appropriate) is fine and interventionism is a necessary evil')
('Left', "AuthLeft: Marvel is owned by Disney, a corporation!\n\nLibLeft: They're clearly trying to patronise us by ticking diversity boxes!\n\nLibRight: Stop talking about things like gender, and just make a good film!\n\nAuthRight: I mean, look at their skin colour!\n\nCentrists: My grandkids were too busy watching Marvel films to come to my barbecue!")
('Centrist', "It's not about safety. It's about disarming the the population. Every gun law is infringement on the 2nd amendment.")
('Centrist', 'Is that Senator Armstrong?')
('Left', "> Not complaining\n\nYes complaining. This sub has definitely lost some of it's originality.")
('Centrist', 'A civilized society needs some degree of nationalism')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Middle east Is woke af')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Never allow white auth rights to join our ranks\n\nKill them all no mercy')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Fucking schizo! Keep up🗣🔥💯🆙🆙💀🤭🔥🔥🗣')
('Libertarian Right', 'I feel like the colors are messed up. I don’t doubt some on the left know this, but it is a bit jarring to see an agreeable watermelon')
('Left', 'Auth unity\n\nAuth unity')
('Right', '\\*unless it is a R\\*ddit mod, then it is cringe.')
('Libertarian Left', 'This generation would rather a million die of famine than one person stub their toe')
('Right', 'Holy based, nice work man (or woman, plz don’t cancel me)!')
('Centrist', 'r/vredditdownloader')
('Left', 'I didn’t make enough as a 16-17 year old anyways to get taxed. Even if I did I got it all back with tax returns')
('Left', 'Don’t you get taxes back if you file them correctly?')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Tucker is unironicly, unequivocally, based. He needs to run for office.')
('Right', 'I am only doing that if you can prove that the machine is the one getting the money.\n\nIf you are skimming the tips of that hard working cogitator I swear to the Omnissaiah I am gonna firebomb your company.')
('Libertarian Right', "I'm not gay but I'll join that orgy")
('Libertarian Left', 'n word')
('Centrist', '"Traditional marriage is a part of traditional values, and is therefore fascism"\n\n\\- An actual question from a political leanings quiz.')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Oh goodie! A new Ideology for me')
('Right', 'The true patrician is Turkey Hill, obviously 😎')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Based \n\nNow go outside, because you deserve some fresh air after making all this cool stuff\n\nThen go back inside and make more cool stuff')
('Right', 'Who the hell is Maya Rudolph?')
('Right', "Everyone is going crazy over the Capitol but I'm just here enjoying techno taking over the DreamSMP.")
('Authoritarian Right', "A more accurate depiction would be me being happy my own tax dollars are coming back home as opposed to funding some unemployed libleft's edible hemp art fair.")
('Authoritarian Left', 'Hans.\n\nGet ze Flammenwerfer')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Fake libleft hates masculinity')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Prohibition single handedly is the cause of American dominance today. Before prohibition the average American drunk more alcohol a year than the average Russian at the time, and the average Russian at the time drunk more alcohol than the average Russian today. After prohibition the average American drunk far, far less. Hate it all you want, a nation of people that drunk was never going to get far.')
('Centrist', 'At this rate, Iraq is going to send troops to stabilize the Washington D.C. region')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Cultural issues are not on the compass, and you dont need a "big government" to nuke Iran and waterboard Abdul. The Pinkertons can do that for a fee. \n\nIsolationist japan and china didnt intervene in other nations, but they were still authright. Pretty sure the Soviet Union "intervnened" in other countries. \n\nMost republican/"conservative" activists have cucked out on weed by now. (and gay marriage, soon abortion)\n\nObviously they are way Authright, just a few thoughts to add.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'what the fuck is that in the bottom left')
('Libertarian Right', 'This has got to be the most incel schizo cope shit I’ve ever seen wth')
('Libertarian Right', 'Based and deus ex pilled')
('Libertarian Right', 'libright is when greedy, i am very smart\n\nwait till you hear of the term "voluntaryism"')
('Right', 'Have you considered not being a waste of oxygen and getting your self a flair? Mkay? Mkay.')
('Left', 'We will when it stops being true.')
('Libertarian Left', 'But my quadrant has a good reason to say "fuck off" and yours doesn\'t.')
('Libertarian Right', "So uh, where's the link to the t-shirt?")
('Libertarian Left', 'Glad to see AuthRight is following the stay at home mandates on their government coups')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Names: \n\n- Joseph Stalin (AuthLeft)\n- Adolf Hitler (AuthCenter)\n- Augusto Pinochet (AuthRight) \n- Leon Trotzky (Left)\n- Centrist Grilla (used to represent Centrism in memes) (Centrism)\n- Edmund Burke (Right)\n- Nestor Makho (LibLeft)\n- Pierre-Joseph Proudhon (LibCenter)\n- Murray Rothbard (LibRight)')
('Right', 'Humanity in the past: *Invents genetics and scientifically documents the dangers of incestuous reproduction*\n\nHumanity in 2023: *This*...')
('Libertarian Right', 'Small government for me but not for thee.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Still pissed to authright pillaged the congress. WE should have pillaged the congress, holy fuck')
('Centrist', 'The only thing that we can all agree on is that the political compass test is designed like shit and inaccurate')
('Right', 'Have to disagree. There are lots of Lib right memes that hit the nail on the head that aren’t racist. Other than the worn out Lib Right loves CP joke.')
('Left', 'u/nwordcountbot u/hansabbonement')
('Left', 'This is amazing.  \n\nDaddy Stalin is making me feel things.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Real aughright can hold a job.')
('Left', 'I don’t like what you have to say, but I’ll defend your right to say it')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Hey, speak for yourself. My ideology is right.')
('Centrist', 'Wait, is Marvel trolling SJWs or are they serious? Asking for me, a friend.')
('Libertarian Left', '/u/vredditdownloader')
('Left', "As someone who normally doesn't agree w/ Fox News, Tucker Carlson had earned my respect lol")
('Right', 'When I read Brit I thought it was gonna be don’t call Mom Mum anymore because it offends Mummies')
('Centrist', 'Horridible')
('Libertarian Left', 'Probably a hate crime of some sort')
('Libertarian Left', 'The names make it seem more like a mockery of the LGBT community rather than representation')
('Libertarian Left', 'Herr durr Bernie good Biden bad')
('Right', 'Super fucking based.')
('Libertarian Left', 'u/nwordcountbot\n /u/shabutaru118')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Shoot they’re on to us')
('Right', 'Based?')
('Right', 'Malcom X was a NOI spokesman. A lot of overlap with nazi ideology.')
('Right', 'Time to go ride Revenge of the Mummified Person at Universal!')
('Libertarian Left', 'Based... Fox News?')
('Left', "As someone fully in support of taxation in general, I fully agree with this without any irony or joking involved.\n\nThough I wouldn't agree with the opposite - of needing to pay taxes to get representation. Since some people have legitimate reasons to not be able to work, such as disabilities.")
('Authoritarian Right', "I'm scared, I did the testing of the bot (made a comment about it a couple days ago), but that's my only excuse\n\nu/nwordcountbot u/nomekop777")
('Centrist', 'r/imsorryjojo')
('Libertarian Left', 'But why baby seals? Wouldn’t it make more sense to kill adult seals since they have more fur and meat? \n\nBut maybe i am wrong, you might have guessed it but i don’t know shit about seal hunting')
('Centrist', "You try stealing my grill and I'll tear off your eyes with a bbq fork")
('Centrist', 'Finally, PCM an odyssey.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Sounds about auth left')
('Libertarian Left', 'I mean... shit yeah it is')
('Centrist', 'Sarif seemed like a good boss. Pretty dirty what he and megan reed did though.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Are there any extremely left-leaning subreddits that I can sub to? I can feel myself entering the right-winged echo chamber and am in need of stabilisation.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Ben Shapiro is in this image')
('Centrist', 'Me with Caterpillar 340D excavator:')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Is that Stirner? I thought Engels made him up to spook Marx.')
('Right', 'Auth-Left needs to step up their game if Auth-Right can storm Congress in a handful of hours with little/no plan.')
('Libertarian Left', 'u/nwordcountbot u/zappro_45')
('Centrist', "But like why is it authleft and libleft? Shouldn't it be all auth that advocate against drugs?")
('Left', 'Hitler, the ultimate centrist.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Based Potato')
('Libertarian Right', 'I will abandon everything I know to go to goth IHOP.')
('Left', 'The wet dream we all have!')
('Authoritarian Right', '/u/nwordcountbot /u/Keijeman')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Another AuthRight W\n\nAnd another L for corporations finding out Twitter bots don’t buy their products.')
('Libertarian Left', 'People are affected by this not because of views on abortion but because they wish they had a bf or gf')
('Left', 'Already seeing COPE from the right saying that there were probably antifa inciting the riots without a hint of self-awareness.')
('Left', 'As a libleft I kinda unironically agree with this. I mean, I’m not gonna vote Trump, but voting for Biden just shows the DNC that they can do whatever they want.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'N')
('Libertarian Left', 'ok but this is based')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Democratic socialism is an ideology for those who dont contribute to society but expect society to carry them through life')
('Libertarian Left', 'He pretty much has a point.')
('Centrist', "Flordia's quickly going from the butt of everyone's jokes to the coolest state.")
('Libertarian Right', 'I really just want a company to come out and say we don’t care about mental pussies.')
('Centrist', 'Genocide is the murder, sterilisation, or removal of a people with the intent of destroying their ethnic, religious or cultural group. This was clearly motivated by greed, not hatred.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Hard agree')
('Left', 'Spider-Man 3 CONFIRMED.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Patriotism /=/ Nationalism, folks.')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Taylor Hebert?')
('Left', 'Based and sounds way cooler than the 2A pilled')
('Libertarian Left', "I genuinely can't tell if this is mocking or if its 70 year old business execs trying to be relatable.")
('Libertarian Right', 'Toddlers buy shit from stores and have to pay sales tax. I demand anything my toddler pays for is exempt from tax. And also i wanna deduct a portion of my property taxes for each ineligible voter in my household')
('Libertarian Left', "btw I prefer Ben & Jerry's to be honest")
('Authoritarian Right', 'Lord have mercy!')
('Left', '> Lib-Right poisoning rivers so he can sell bottled water')
('Libertarian Left', 'GLM')
('Libertarian Right', 'when i become president my first executive order will be to dissolve the federal government')
('Libertarian Left', 'Femboy supremacy now')
('Centrist', 'as a brit fuck this, still calling them mummies')
('Authoritarian Right', "Actually it's much easier to become rich with a gender studies degree! Let me give you an example:\n\n\n\n1. Go ask for a job.\n\n2. They don't accept your request because you don't have any useful knowledge in today's world.\n\n3. Identify yourself as one of the multiple genders.\n\n4. Sue them for misgendering/harassment/transphobia, the more the better.\n\n5. Win the cause (no judge would oppose an LGBTQ+ member, or just film everything and post it on Twitter, the judge won't lose his job)\n\n6. Live off of compensation for moral and psychological damage.\n\n7. Repeat.\n\n\n\nNo need to thank me, if my future degree will lead to nothing I'll just apply this method myself. 🥰")
('Centrist', 'I have a graduate degree in poli-sci, do I get to consider myself something of an expert? Not even gonna contest the retard portion though, I spend so much headspace on memes, so that part is true as fuck.')
('Centrist', 'holy shit, everyone pack your bags and leave this is as based as it gets.')
('Libertarian Right', '"The culture war is an invention of the right" mfer when we start reading post modern socialist theory. \n\nAs a rule of thumb everything the left says is a monte and baily, nearly without exception')
('Right', "Ah, but that was my team's fascism and it was directed at people I don't like.")
('Authoritarian Right', 'I didn’t even know there was a purple one')
('Authoritarian Right', 'haha i’m winning')
('Libertarian Right', 'Respect for the dead body they literally graverobbed…')
('Libertarian Right', 'Alright new here don’t kill me for no flair I joined like two days ago because I found it entertaining.  I didn’t realize this sub was related to this website - is it a serious relation or is this sub parody of that site?  Because I was shocked by the questions and could not believe how damningly flawed very many of them are.  So many are leading questions with conjugations of words to influence emotion.  The countless “but” statements in questions are a no brainer as something that does not belong!   Separate each of those but statements into two questions and I would most often have given two different answers!  It’d be that easy to allow for a little nuance, but the whole thing is so full of holes it’s hardly worth fixing.  There’s actual tools similar to this made by consortiums of political scientists that do not introduce such reproachably obvious biases. Why the hell use this awful one?  This site is the kind of thing that you see as Facebook clickbait\n\nFull disclosure since I don’t have flair: I’m a classical liberal.  Which in the local tongue would be ‘LibRight’')
('Libertarian Left', 'good job bro')
('Right', "Improved this again after my previous post was banned for interacting with other subs. We do have a subreddit called Children of Dusk, if you want to check out more of this world, google it.\n\nLore Sample:\n\nEconomic Collapse, 2 World Wars, 2 Religious Revolutions, the Rise of the Global South, and the establishment of an extremely multipolar world order.\n\nEach individual region has mountains of lore, just for an example. Fatalist Germany is a country controlled by a superintelligent AI, but it's hardware has been degrading over time, and it's superiority over humans has been shrinking as artificial intelligence turned out to hit a wall of diminishing returns, and humanity has now built other technology that can counter it. By the year 2100, what used to be the haunting specter of the world has been reduced to a rump state, increasingly reliant on their allies in a Technocratic France to support itself.\n\nIn the East African Federation, a council of benevolent corporations took power, stepping in after the failure of their governments in the floods and nuclear winter of World War 4, radically restructuring society around the corporation. Originally exploiting the economy for profit, these CEOs have now drunk their own propaganda so much that they genuinely do believe they are a series of benevolent despots, leading the world to a new world order. Think of every what every modern corporation tries to present, thinking they're going to save the world, but now they believe that unironically.\n\nSurveillance cameras dot every street, and familial relationships are banned, because the company is your family, everyone is your family, and you wouldn't want to let your family down, would you? In the Islamic World, the failure of the 3rd Arab-Israeli War sparked a radical shift in the culture of Islam, people became convinced that Islam had fallen behind, and only by modernizing can the religion compete with its older brother, Christianity, which by now was going through a reawakening. The Islamic Culture Wars saw the conflict between Islamic modernity and traditionalists wage out, with new movements like Quranism taking over Turkey.\n\nIn America, an economic crash, and rising polarization saw a confrontation between the center-left and the far right (In America center-left is far left honestly.) leading to the victory of Victoria Cortez, a Christian nationalist who radically restructured the nation in her image in preparation for a fight against the Eurasians and Chinese, who at the time controlled the world. The eventual confrontation led to billions of deaths, and 15% of America's population specifically being wiped out. With the ash clearing, did the American eagle finally begin to recover. Under the progressive administration of Alisha Crowder, and later on, Julia Land, the US eventually transitioned back into a semi-liberal democracy, though marks of its Christian Nationalist era remains.\n\nIt is worth noting here that Alisha Crowder later greatly radicalized later in life, moving to Cuba, joining the Solarpunk movement, and then becoming the first ex-American president to assassinate another ex-American president, ironically she assassinated Julia Land, the first Asian president of the US. This has very little to do with everything else I just wanted to mention it this timeline is insane.\n\nFinally, in the year 2092, Bernie Sanders, beyond all odds somehow takes the presidency, now being over 100 years old. After being in office for precisely 23 days, he passes free healthcare, then has a stroke and dies on the Resolute Table right after he signed it into law, his life purpose being complete.\n\nIf you really want to see the sheer autism of this timeline there's a full Google doc here. https://docs.google.com/document/d/1t9ELHr5oiN2XjczQfhiljoGPQxCFgHGR1AnLlokJoEs/edit?usp=sharing\n\nIf you have any further questions about the lore, reply to this post and I'll answer any questions you may have.")
('Libertarian Right', 'Pretend to be russian, everyone is white\nHitler intensifies')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Some of these wojaks are just outrageously hilarious. Well done!')
('Right', 'I don’t agree with Tucker on many things but he’s the only Fox News anchor I have any respect for')
('Libertarian Left', 'I feel like I missed something.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'I WANT TOMBOY OUTBACK AND I WANT IT NOW !')
('Libertarian Left', 'how is this helping')
('Left', 'Libright gets the greatest underdog of all time 2014 WORLD MOTHERFUCKING CHAMPION pachirisu, capable of taking massive hits from legendary behemoths…\n\nAnd libleft gets fuckle plusle and minum…. \n\n\nFuck')
('Libertarian Right', 'Tax is immoral anyway')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Y está el Tata!!')
('Left', 'u/savevideo')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Why not both?')
('Right', 'Neurology')
('Authoritarian Right', 'The Omnissiah demands that the machine spirits be tended to')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Authright should be MILF Denny’s')
('Centrist', 'I expected him to say something triple parenthesised and watch everything yeet back over to auth right.')
('Libertarian Left', "I'm just here to be investigated.")
('Libertarian Left', 'u/nwordcountbot u/stuartthehuman')
('Libertarian Right', "i'm simultaneously amazed and disgusted")
('Libertarian Right', 'Oy im lib right but free healthcare is a good thing. Yes it’s more expensive in the long run for the most but a big chunk of people will be in rising debt till they die and have paid it off multiple times and still be in debt.')
('Right', 'I saw\n\n>modders\n\nand for a split second I thought you were talking about Internet jannies.')
('Centrist', "My nation's centrists are better than your nation's centrists.")
('Libertarian Left', 'Beautiful My friend.')
('Centrist', 'Accurate')
('Authoritarian Right', 'u/userleansbot')
('Centrist', 'Taxation without representation isn’t actually policy it’s just rhetoric used during the revolution. If I go to another state and pay their state sales tax on goods I am being taxed without representation. If I pay taxes as a felon I’m being taxed without representation.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'they really miss putting Trump\'s name in their article headlines huh\n\nI really wonder how the ad revenue and the number of "clicks/visitors" have changed for all those "news" websites that put Trump\'s name on everything, compared to now when they have to mostly report on Biden. \n\nAlso if the Mueller Report wasn\'t the nail in the coffin for the Trump/Russia thing, then nothing but cold hard video evidence will do anything, might as well just take the L now instead of dragging this on for another 5-6 years.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Tucker is literally the only ok person on Fox')
('Libertarian Right', 'Nicely done.')
('Libertarian Left', 'aight')
('Libertarian Left', 'Interesting fella he is \n\nhttps://herndonforidaho.com/issues/')
('Authoritarian Right', "Your implying that we haven't actually prepped for this")
('Right', 'Reagan is widely considered one of the greatest presidents of all time. Half of what you wrote involves conspiracy theories or is highly subjective.')
('Left', 'In the end it’s all Microsoft')
('Libertarian Left', "That's how you get a Bolsonaro.")
('Right', "It's all about hating politicians and staring at r/guns everyday")
('Libertarian Right', 'Wtf is this garbage')
('Authoritarian Left', 'This is why it\'s libs are so dangerous, if the right can make them seem like the "left" and get out ahead of them on class, it spells f a s c I s m.')
('Centrist', 'You should unironically make use of this concept')
('Libertarian Right', 'WHERE IS DADDY MARX')
('Right', 'Seems rgiht\n\nyes i misplet idc')
('Authoritarian Right', "I don't even think I'm superior, I just hate people with skin darker than mine.")
('Authoritarian Right', 'I’m positive to neutral on this. I worry about the teaching of this course going something along the lines of “Go into debt to go to college, then be a wage slave for 40+ years until you can claim your 401k and taste financial independence for the first time when you’re too old to do/own any of the expensive shit you wanted to do when you were young”. \n\nThough I guess any guidance is better than the current situation where the majority of the population has no clue on how to manage money responsibly.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Wow such based')
('Right', 'r/Libertarian is centrist with drugs, r/LibertarianMeme or r/Anarcho_capitalism is more accurate')
('Libertarian Right', "I never thought about it that way. But now I'm totally on board.")
('Centrist', 'I’m part Indonesian and there is a huge element of light skin worshipping as well as just white worshipping. You can look like a witch; if you have blue eyes, you’re probably considered beautiful. My family members mean no harm, but they do love praising me for random things like pasty skin and looking mixed (aka having certain prominent eyelid). I speak the language and am close to family members, but sometimes there’s a weird disconnect')
('Libertarian Right', 'One of us one of us one of us')
('Right', 'Wtf Bethesda middle east based?')
('Libertarian Right', 'All government departments have to have diversity hires you know')
('Libertarian Right', 'You took everything from me')
('Libertarian Right', "The GOP is a purposeful caricature of political  conservatism that is designed to make people question political conservatism and chose the alternative, the DNC. Pretty soon, the way things are going (according to plan) we'll have single party, Democrat rule.\n\nThe Democrat Republic of America.\n\nSorry in advance, unflaired. I know. But I really do love this sub.")
('Libertarian Right', "It's funny how the flags are *always* fresh out of the package, still touting crease lines.")
('Libertarian Left', 'Not gonna lie, pretty fucking jelly rn')
('Libertarian Left', 'Hmmmm, u/nwordcountbot u/takitacos')
('Libertarian Right', "I mean they have a fat black girl on the team with absolutely no superpowers except she has a magic backpack and she's obese.\n\nthe guy who came up with this is supremely pathetic.\n\nhe's like if you gave a snobby 3rd grader the spotlight provided by a major studio like marvel.\n\nhuge swing-and-a-miss")
('Left', 'Beautiful work OP\n\nVery based')
('Centrist', 'Authright centrist could just be "Grills for his friends". Because that is what authright is all about.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Effort is not allowed \n\n\n\n\nEmbrace the Highlighter')
('Centrist', 'regular hooters or based and spartan-pilled hooters whatever it is im picking it every single time')
('Authoritarian Left', 'You summed me up Ice Sniper')
('Libertarian Left', 'ill willingly vote Biden, so long as no centrists say shit like "if you dont vote biden you\'re voting for trump"\n\n&#x200B;\n\nfuck you, i live in a swing state. belittling me is a shit strategy')
('Libertarian Left', 'If prohibition was enacted today then it would be authright pushing for it, authleft mixed, and libright/libleft very against it.')
('Libertarian Left', "it's offensive to... people that are unable to experience anything due to being dead for thousands of years.")
('Right', 'None of those things really enlarge the bureaucracy much.  You can do all those things and have a small government.')
('Centrist', 'BBBBBBBBASED')
('Right', 'After working on it for 3 hours\n\n"This is too hard, this is all I should work each week"')
('Libertarian Left', 'ANyone notice this video is very well made. The transitions, the music, the russian propaganda posters.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Are there actual leftists/bernie bros who actually want to/are going to vote for trump? Like a more us move would be to organise to vote for a third party candidate or performing active protests where we publicly refuse to vote. I say we but im not even american')
('Centrist', 'Test\n>Spent 3 hours drawing this. Humanized PCM flairs.')
('Left', 'At the place I used to work, this extremely racist (used the n-word in every context), trump-loving, self-proclaimed centrist would go on and on about how liberals were lazy and all that, then one day deadass casually mentioned how he had to stop abusing unemployment benefits because Trump changed the max time to be on the benefits from two years to six months')
('Right', "Bro they should learn their definitions that's not genocide that's just an accident")
('Authoritarian Left', 'u/nwordcountboy u/tomasthemossy')
('Libertarian Left', "Honestly this is probably the most important class in  a capitalist society. I believe it should be mandatory to learn about personal finance last year of high school even in my home country, Norway. Doesn't have to be more than 45 minutes a week. Just learning how taxes, loans, investments, and stuff like that works.")
('Authoritarian Right', 'Don’t you dare put goth ihop in the commie mommy section I need goth tomboys')
('Libertarian Right', "Volunteering means less need for government interference so I'm pro volunteering.")
('Centrist', 'The colorism as it’s called isn’t necessarily linked to race: in many Asian cultures dark skin was equated with working under the sun in the fields, as opposed to the rich and smart people who didn’t have to')
('Right', "I think It's time to move to middle east")
('Libertarian Right', 'NAZBOL NIBRUHS')
('Libertarian Left', 'I think this might be a case of lib unity, I agree')
('Left', 'Based, would make this sub way better if we ended the cycle of hate')
('Right', 'What does it mean ?')
('Libertarian Right', 'Lib-right though.  They wanted freedom.')
('Right', 'To be fair it was made for GIs over in Japan in WW2 this kinda tracks')
('Libertarian Right', "Why would libright be angry about immigration? Particularly if it was legal? Both the comically flanderized and real versions of people in that quadrant wouldn't really be bothered by that.")
('Left', 'surprisingly based')
('Libertarian Right', 'Republicans only pretend to be libertarians when it’s hip or convenient for them')
('Libertarian Left', "thanks so much , from now on I'll probably read it the same way.")
('Libertarian Left', 'Hey I posted that video on YouTube in September (without the compass stuff) lol')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Time to find a different PC test, then.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'First time I’ve seen the word “educastrate”. I wonder why that didn’t blow up in common vernacular.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Do these people live in a country with legally recognized rights? If so, they should sue the bejesus out of that company.\n\nAlso, horrific accidents are not a form of genocide.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'It goes both ways though. A lot of [leftists](https://twitter.com/JoyAnnReid/status/1250297852481294339?fbclid=IwAR3FgCEPm6gDdy-23HBEI8hz_d-UmyDt5nDmWjKmbjdeHgN5LbG0ogyFqec) are getting their checks with Trumps name on it, and are realizing for the first time that taxation is theft.')
('Centrist', "I'm so proud of you \\*Tears on the grill\\*")
('Authoritarian Left', "Aaaaand where do the illegal guns come from? I'll give you a hint: most of them were legal before they left the hands of an irresponsible owner.")
('Libertarian Right', 'Store brand supremacy')
('Authoritarian Right', 'u/nwordcountbot u/mncrn')
('Authoritarian Right', 'How is this related to family values in any given sense - this man is clearly deranged. But the strawman argument is 1 man suggests it therefore all are implicated of his words /actions. Bad strawman is bad strawman.')
('Centrist', 'O número de pessoas defendendo o mitinho é incrível.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Mine is like, 2 years old')
('Left', "I have come to the conclusion today that outside of political science majors, everyone I've ever heard voice a political opinion is stupid and their opinion is based on incomplete or biased information.\n\nAnd I'm an idiot because I shut down all of their opinion, but every time i've stopped to think about better system, I've come up empty handed.")
('Libertarian Right', 'In the last year the bag of M&Ms at the local Aldi has gone from $2.99 to $4.49. \n\nApparently that money is going to CRT consultants to write stupid bullshit like this 🙄. Glad I cut that junk out of my diet.')
('Right', 'Most objective and factual left-center')
('Libertarian Left', 'Republicans: *takes a political compass test*\n\n“Why am I not libertarian?”')
('Centrist', 'Until you realize the third parties are often dominated by grifters and weirdos.')
('Right', 'Yep')
('Libertarian Right', "librights don't have a problem with volunteerism")
('Authoritarian Left', 'This has to be the most based thing to come from Tucker yet.')
('Libertarian Left', "I don't understand this sub like is it a reaction meme sub or just a circle jerk or observations")
('Libertarian Right', 'The whole point of the gf meme is to come up with increasingly outlandish scenarios. I mean, remember the "failed catgirl experiment gf"? This is nothing new.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Source?')
('Left', 'This needs a polar opposite with virgins instead of chads too')
('Authoritarian Left', 'What person in their right mind who is not taking the piss would name their first non-binary characters ”snowflake” and ”safe space”?')
('Centrist', 'You did what god forbid.\n\nYou did what god could not.\n\nYou did well. 💪')
('Libertarian Right', 'Hmmm')
('Authoritarian Left', 'how to get flair?')
('Centrist', 'NAZBOL TUCKER\nNAZBOL TUCKER')
('Libertarian Right', 'Check that guys hard drive')
('Libertarian Right', 'Their only one race I whole heartedly support over all is NASCAR \n\nFUNNY CIRCLE GOES VROOOOOOM')
('Libertarian Right', 'The strongest critique of anarchism is a description of the status quo.')
('Libertarian Right', 'The only confirmation I ever saw of this happening was a famous green environmental group literally clubbing seals to make a propaganda video.')
('Libertarian Right', 'I need to download this shit NOW')
('Libertarian Right', 'nazbol gang, Nazbol Gang, NAZBOL GANG, N A Z B O L G A N G. N̵̡̬͉̺͓̱̤̝̣̟͚̫͈͊̈̈́̏̉̆̉͋̒̃̓̌͜͝Ą̵̛͔͎͚̟͚̹̖̝̖̙̠̾̀̈́̉̆͌̏̊͊͗̉͂̀͘͝Ž̷̧̛̮̥̜̘̲͔̳̭͎̰̹̲̼̩̖͔̒̈́̔̅͗͊́̔̐̏͒̔̆̅͊́͋͑͐̂͆̑̄̐̀̂̋̈́̆̋̂͐͑̏͋̉̏̓̋̆͐̊͒́̌̕͘͘͜͠͝ͅB̴̡̛͎͇͙̭͙͎̗̞͖̫͎̫͉͙͚͖̦͚̫͈͚̝̯̱͈̟̘̱̞̗͍̯̝̝̪̟̩̣̘͎̗͇̗͇̟͚̜̺̅͋̄̿̏͑̉̐͌̔̂͋̃̾̌̄̑̌̑͂̽̑̌̌͒̽͜ͅƠ̷̬̜̍͗͗͋͆̔̀͋̐̉̓͐̅̈́̊́́̋͆̉̌̃̃̋̓̄͋̃̓̂̓͑͌̑͆̒́̂̂̀̏͗̑̀̆͘̕͝͝ͅĻ̵͔͉͕̃͒̿͗͒̎̋͌̐͑̄͂͑͊̓́͠ ̷̡̨̡̢̢̧̨̢̧̛͇̦̱̹̪͕̩̱̻̰͙̥̹͔̘͖͍͉̞̜͇͍̥͙̦̻͈͕̙̣̟͇͙̫͍͈͓͔͚̫̊͑͗̈́͐̍̈̓̓̀͆̍́̓̈́͑̇͒̈͛̈́̿̐͆̏͋̄̇͛͂̂́͊͐͛̕̕͜͜͝͝͝ͅͅG̶̛̩̤͉̫͔͓̪̘̪͖̰̻̣̝͚̺̹̬̲̦͚̼̟͆̃͂̇̅̂̈̽̾͆͆̏̽̋̀̽͂̾͐͊͂̎̾̂̀͌͒̋̃̆͒͛̈̅͊̐͛̑̾͆̒̓͑͘̕͠ͅĄ̵̛̛͓͉̟̙͐̎̍̋̾̑͗͋͗̾͒͗̽̑̅͛̇͑̐̌̀͆̽͋̿͛̌̎̉̊̐̃͌̋̀̽̈̀̎̕̚̕̕͝N̵̨̧̢̧̧͖̼̘̝͉̠̠̝̙̭̠̺̗͙̯̗͙̟̪̹̭̤̪͚̼̤͎̼̟̪͓̰̞̲̽̔̎͆̌̽̅͑͛́̊͑́̀̃̈͒͗͜ͅG̶̭̱̯̪̭͑̊̉ ̸̢̧̧̛̙̮̲̙̭̖̬͇̤͈̜̦͙̺̼̭̳͉͎͎̮͉̻͈̯͖͓͖͈͇̖̤̘̫̜͉͉̦̥̰̗̹̼̜̔́̇̇̀̀͐̎̊̊͂̏͂̾͆͋͑̐̿͐͌̑́̉͂̊̀̌̈́̽͋͒̊̑̉̊̈́̍̓͗̀͂͂̕̕̕͝͝͝')
('Left', 'Because we’re not laughing with them, we’re laughing at them... hopefully.')
('Libertarian Right', 'I believe in LibUnity\n\nFuck the Government')
('Libertarian Right', 'Safe space and snowflake are going to finish Drumpf epic style')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Based Comrade Carlson \n\nFr tho he is actually quite right about that, Big Corp and Wall Street all jumped on the LGBTQ/Racial/Social Justice so hard that people applaud them now when they change their company logo to the pride flag during pride month or when they introduce quotas for hiring people of diverse backgrounds, all the while ignoring their same old exploitative behavior')
('Left', 'Glorious.')
('Right', 'i feel attacked')
('Right', "Being accused should never equal sex scandal, especially if the only evidence is words.  \n\n\nIf he's convicted, fuck him. If he's acquitted or the charges won't be even brought up,  fuck those who say he is.")
('Libertarian Left', 'I am so unbelievably confused')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Quality shitpost')
('Libertarian Left', 'Both lefts, not only tankies')
('Centrist', 'Cant do that. if i got banned from subs I wasn’t even joined in, then i gotta stay in this shithole')
('Libertarian Right', 'Based.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'u/savevideobot')
('Libertarian Left', 'Anyways this is a masterpiece. Would award if I had the proper distributed wealth')
('Left', "If anything is a civil war it's this comments section")
('Authoritarian Right', 'I like how they both end up at the same braindead conclusion')
('Libertarian Left', 'Dang')
('Libertarian Left', 'With a square body it must be difficult to fully hug yourself')
('Libertarian Right', 'Reminds me of when that one Lincoln project group that dressed up as white supremacists to stir up trouble during a governor election.')
('Libertarian Right', "wait waht. idk shit was that bad. haiti's becoming the western hemisphere's somalia.")
('Libertarian Left', "Personally I dont agree with where my tax dollars are being spent. Rather it go more into NSF and NIH funding.\n\nHonestly I'd rather not pay federal taxes and stick to Municipal taxes for things like roads and the fire department")
('Right', 'How do I get flared here?')
('Right', 'Have Hillary and Trump switch places, then swap Rom Desantis and Trump and I’d believe it would be a bit more accurate.')
('Right', 'Excuse me sir, would you please serve me some drugs? \n\nWhy yes, one drugs coming right up.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'And? If we happy, we happy')
('Libertarian Right', "Now all those dropkicks that ask why they aren't taught how to do their taxes can't complain no more")
('Centrist', "I-I'm not an incel I swear!!! It's just that my soulmate was aborted")
('Left', 'I want him to publicly read the Communist Manifesto now')
('Libertarian Right', 'This is a masterpiece')
('Right', 'Meijer vanilla ice cream drowned in Meijer chocolate syrup. Done. Nothing else needed.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Fuck it, raid all the living presidents and vice presidents houses')
('Libertarian Right', "Lol, fuck 'em.\n\nGo broke trying to appease the squeakiest wheels in society.")
('Right', 'I feel like how most gun murder is done dis proportionally by gangsters is one of the first things people on the right bring up')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Based Pillarmen??\n\nAmazing art, btw, congrats!')
('Authoritarian Left', "CIA's graduation album")
('Libertarian Left', 'Is there an UwU counter bot?')
('Libertarian Right', 'Nooo lib left! U R being groomed by auth right!! Cant you see that he is wearing the mask??!')
('Centrist', 'Reddit:  cops are racist and want to kill minorities\n\nAlso Reddit: we shouldn’t have guns, only the police should be armed')
('Centrist', '[Bustin’ makes me feel good](https://youtu.be/0tdyU_gW6WE)')
('Libertarian Right', 'Do i even say the nigga word often at all?')
('Right', 'OH SHIT one of them landed on him OH FUCK')
('Centrist', "That's why they're able to claim exempt. Is everyone forgetting about this? Hello??")
('Centrist', 'Gotta be sarcasm…right?')
('Centrist', "Anyone else feel that the Occupy movement lost it's steam about the same time race/gender started to be put front and center?")
('Libertarian Left', 'Idgaf')
('Libertarian Right', 'Lotta “no true scotsman” arguments going on in this here comment section.')
('Libertarian Right', "Trump is a 80s to early 2000s democrat that was displaced by the radicalization of the Democratic party so he was picked up by the Republican party.\n\nBiden, Pelosi, Schumer, Clinton all would be Republicans if they didn't already control the upper levels of power of the Democratic party only to see it being upended by the progressive left which they have allowed to grow and hijack their party because they have been promising you free shit so you would continue to vote for them. I'm looking at you libleft.")
('Libertarian Left', 'There’s and episode of [westwing](https://youtu.be/hSDxg-bDw1A) that covers the idea of child suffrage. To the extreme of removing voting age restrictions entirely')
('Centrist', 'I don’t trust the government nor corporations. Both are sketchy')
('Centrist', '[“The company” cares about [buzzword]](https://youtu.be/qzekDA0djTQ)')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Fuck off, Marvel.')
('Left', 'Call me libleft because those men are hot.')
('Authoritarian Left', 'You can say what you want about Tucker Carlson but at least he does criticise other conservatives and doesn’t just make it sports')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Intellectual asshole’s think they’re omnipotent beings')
('Libertarian Right', 'Nibs')
('Libertarian Right', "Small welfare state it's possible with an small government. But well... how the yankees can know about that lol")
('Right', 'The name is “Jawn Quixote,” it has to be satire right?')
('Centrist', 'I gained more political consciousness from this community. I could see the flaws of every ideology and each view point of why their ideology works. It helps me see from other people’s viewpoints about their own ideology and my own. This sub, is officially based.')
('Libertarian Right', 'But they get to vote eventually also if they’re making minimum wage chances are they would be in the 0% tax bracket anyways')
('Right', "[I'm truly shocked that the creators of these characters look like this](https://imgur.com/gallery/FRWWDrr)")
('Libertarian Right', "And that's why I cannot in good conscience call myself a Republican, even though I voted for Trump. Weed is less harmful than alcohol, I don't want the government sticking their nose in marriage, the people being tortured in Gitmo deserve a trial, spying on American citizens requires a warrant, and the United States shouldn't be the world's police.\n\nI'm with them on Abortion though; making it illegal to knowingly kill innocent people is a legitimate role of government.")
('Right', "That's fresh")
('Centrist', 'Who asked for this?')
('Left', 'Least circlejerking libright post')
('Centrist', 'Damn, did Tucker Carlson just gain my respect? WTF ?!')
('Libertarian Left', 'Based AF')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Is there a source?')
('Left', 'Does this mock my views? Yes.\n\nDo I upvote anyway? Absolutely.')
('Libertarian Right', 'I shed a tear every time I see one of those dumbasses with a Gadsden flag.')
('Libertarian Left', 'u/nwordcountbot u/divod123')
('Left', "I mean by this logic Puerto Rico shouldn't have to pay taxes either. Or DC. Or Guam.")
('Centrist', 'What YouTube video was this?')
('Libertarian Left', "Why am I supposed to think AuthRight is funny? I don't get it. Is it because when they're racist it's because they're AuthRight? I mean that's still not funny, that's just more predictable.")
('Libertarian Right', 'The US was most definitely founded as a secular nation but the assertion that “Christianity is a problem in American society…” is asinine and is betraying the bias the writer of those words is trying to enforce.')
('Libertarian Left', 'I am voting trump now that the DNC has robbed Bernie.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'The real AuthRight is the Doomer Wojak because people keep being focused on social issues while the economy is being driven into the ground')
('Left', 'Fuck nationalism. All my homies hate nationalism')
('Libertarian Left', "First they made an Orange AuthRight, stealing our orange LibLeft and now they're stealing our thing? \n\nFor shame, AuthRight.")
('Centrist', 'how much free time do you have?')
('Centrist', "There is no one correct politic. That's why it's always plural.")
('Right', 'My most cynical lib right opinion: healthcare is not a right, it’s a luxury. Can’t afford it? Too bad, stop being broke.')
('Libertarian Left', "It is because I'm proud of my country that I'm willing to point out it's flaws and advocate for change.")
('Libertarian Left', 'But being "proud of a country" seems a little absurd or is it just me?')
('Libertarian Right', 'Stalin, hitler, milton Friedman, centrist grill dude cartoon, can anyone tell me the rest?')
('Centrist', 'That moment when you have no idea how to flair yourself.')
('Libertarian Left', "hol' up where did torture and interventionism come from")
('Left', 'Pictured: Otto Strasser, 1925')
('Libertarian Right', 'Communism is worse than cancer.')
('Libertarian Right', "I once loved my country, then they showed me their love and devotion for the sacred State, totally contrary to our roots beliefs of liberty, so now, my greatest dream is it goes to fucking hell, that's what we deserve. PD: country's Argentina")
('Libertarian Right', 'How many n words has the nword bot my yes')
('Libertarian Right', 'Nah, its about time Disney brings back gay villains.')
('Right', "I... Uh... What's this?")
('Authoritarian Right', 'Atleast we can all agree about Dietz Nutz')
('Right', 'Mother of all grills, that’s based')
('Libertarian Left', "All left are relatively relaxed, all center have their arms outstretched, all right be posin' hard")
('Left', 'Just saying, these are a thing: [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Social\\_spider](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Social_spider)')
('Libertarian Right', 'Malcolm X was also a raging antisemite so I think he fits in just fine.')
('Centrist', ">We want to \\*\\*\\*\\* children, and it's right to do this because society tells us that we shouldn't \\*\\*\\*\\* children. Being \\*\\*\\*\\*\\*\\* by us would be great for the child because reasons. \n\nAm I missing anything in this text? Or is that really the entire argument?")
('Left', "Yeah jokes on you I'm a borderline alcoholic")
('Libertarian Left', "I've said it over 3000 times")
('Libertarian Right', 'I feel bad for Canadian librights. Having there guns revoked, and being sent to “reeducation” camps')
('Authoritarian Right', "I'm stronger, I'm smarter, I'm better")
('Centrist', 'This the culture war toxic waste pit buried deep beneath the culture war landfill.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Based and only-ran-for-office-to-extract-enough-money-from-the-populace-to-afford-leaving-the-country pilled')
('Libertarian Left', 'Considering the age of Bernie bros and hoes, how many are actually gonna follow\nBernie’s order and vote for Biden. I mean how many of them are as impulsive as to vote for Trump. The ending of Bernies campaign sure is their gallows humor now.')
('Centrist', 'Just don’t club Nanook’s favorite seal or you will get some deadly yellow snow crystals rubbed in your eye')
('Left', 'Is it possible that all our politicians are relics and are incapable of keeping their files in order')
('Right', 'Before people who paid more taxes had more valuable votes, seems very reasonable actually. If you want to have a bigger say you need to contribute more.')
('Centrist', 'Full compass unity.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Tucker is the best person in the world at being so close to the point but still missing a lot of it.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Compass unity based as fuck')
('Right', "Yeah and? They're too retarded to vote")
('Libertarian Right', 'an anarchommie')
('Libertarian Left', 'This one gave me a gut chuckle.')
('Libertarian Right', 'MILF Denny and Goth IHOP: breakfast decisions have never been so difficult')
('Left', "Wdym all of political and economic theory can't be adequately described by just 4-9 generic labels? Next you'll tell me authright doesn't actually mean racist or libleft SJW or centrist apolitical")
('Left', 'huh, surprised to see anti Modi stuff on this sub')
('Libertarian Right', '"No why would you club a baby seal?"\n\n"Cuz it\'s easy.  And it does a lot of damage."')
('Libertarian Left', 'This exactly. I roll my friggin eyes whenever ppl say they’re lib-right bc 90% of the time they’re shit brand auth right')
('Authoritarian Left', 'This is going to be fucking spicy so glad I’m not american')
('Centrist', "Well they do receive the benefits of those taxes, so it's not like they're getting nothing in return")
('Centrist', '"And then they will move on to the next town, and the next town, and the next"')
('Libertarian Left', 'I mean yeah it sucks that they took away your FOS but haha eat shit lmao')
('Libertarian Left', 'Why does it matter which one of those that do that is the largest')
('Right', "I pretty much agree with the comment. MLK being right on race doesn't mean he was right on economics.")
('Libertarian Right', 'The Doomsday clock makes me hope the world ends because that means the Doomsday clock “experts” end.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'I always vote for the king. Some day he will win, I am sure of it.')
('Centrist', 'I’m fine with banning subs that are calling to kill jews or whatever.  Like, I understand that, you don’t want Reddit to have a bad name.  But be consistent, ban the anarchist subs who want to kill the rich, and ban the boogs who LARP killing the feds.  IMO all three would be allowed but Reddit needs to decide to have them all or none at all.  And when people start using CP to take down subs they don’t like, they’ve taken it way too fucking far.')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Ive had enough of these riots. Send in the fucking tanks already')
('Libertarian Right', '‘Fiery but mostly peaceful protests’')
('Libertarian Left', 'I mean, at least the guy ain’t a hypocrite')
('Authoritarian Right', "Apperantly it's not ok to deny the holocaust on r/eyebleach")
('Libertarian Right', 'Volunteering to do things you enjoy maybe. Idk if anyone is going to volunteer to be a plumber or a grocery store stocker')
('Right', '\\>no new wars\n\n\\>soldiers out of turkey-syria border\n\n\\>ISIS gone\n\nOMG maga interventionism\n\nalso, i dont remember anyone supporting the NSA  (besides the uniparty). \n\nRegarding weed, wasnt that a state issue? I dont see that as outright ban')
('Libertarian Left', 'It is almost getting to the point where Liberals are more Libertarian than conservatives')
('Centrist', '"For this operation you gonna need someone who know the streets, you both will go undercover anyway let us introdouce you to your next partner, you will have to work together to take down the local cartel and their drug ring-"')
('Libertarian Right', 'Latinos were pirating my merch anyways')
('Left', 'I think these people are very confused on what they believe in')
('Libertarian Left', 'British gonna Brit.')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Most sane lib left')
('Right', 'MLK WAS A RADICAL LEFTIST AND HIS ONE LINE FROM I HAVE A DREAM IS USED CONSTANTLY TO MISREPRESENT AND UNDERMINE HIS ACYUAL BELIEFS')
('Left', 'I thought lmanberg being fucking nuked would be the coolest thing to happen today')
('Authoritarian Right', 'silence anglo you dont even use bidets or have good food or a good language so yeah your culture sucks')
('Libertarian Right', "It's not really sparked by the test as oppose to Reddit alienating everyone that's not libLeft outside this sub")
('Libertarian Right', 'Wiki editors do no service to society, self interest and greed comes in many forms.')
('Libertarian Left', 'E Pluribus Unum >>> In God we Trust')
('Libertarian Left', 'that sure worked in afghanistan')
('Authoritarian Left', 'How dare you do a full compass unity meme without a shitty news article in the middle?')
('Libertarian Right', 'u/userleansbot')
('Right', "You didn't have to make it personal man...")
('Libertarian Right', 'I just want my thick purple and green m&ms commercials')
('Left', 'We don’t deserve you')
('Libertarian Right', 'I would like to learn more of the lore of “Random Shit I Made Up”')
('Libertarian Left', 'u/savethisvideo')
('Left', 'i thought i was about to get rorikrolled')
('Right', "FOSS programmers often abandon their projects which sucks when it's an interesting one, and Wikipedia always needs money, and modders aren't exactly heroes, but hats off to the volunteer firefighters!")
('Libertarian Left', 'Everyone is equally successful. Since every form of government/society has failed in the end.')
('Centrist', 'This thread is about to become based')
('Left', 'My favourite polynesian legend is about the death of Maui')
('Centrist', "People who live in DC shouldn't be taxed")
('Authoritarian Right', 'Why the fuck is Libleft sad? They were the ones who pressured M&Ms to take away the boots in the name of feminist bitch-assery.')
('Libertarian Right', 'You can re-educate the oligarchy and monarchy today! Only $12.89 a month!\nGet your social revolutions here! Buy one coup get one mass starvation free!')
('Libertarian Left', 'And what\'s with the "some people are naturally unlucky" question?  Like, what is any given answer to that even supposed to mean?')
('Libertarian Right', 'Fuck that stupid clock and the ivory tower cockholsters who keep it going.')
('Centrist', 'The Middle East is just too BASED for any corporation , says something about society')
('Authoritarian Right', 'With every passing day I dislike republicans more and more.')
('Libertarian Right', 'I’m just shocked that the building does look like American Dad')
('Libertarian Right', 'As an European, I thought this would be mandated everywhere. Explains a bit.')
('Centrist', "Also remember kids, if it's information that doesn't confirm my biases, it's a nothing burger.")
('Libertarian Left', 'O dear')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Biden vs Trump is blue vs blue.')
('Left', "This isn't real you bunch of retards")
('Centrist', 'Nigger lmao')
('Libertarian Right', "I don't see how the government returning tax dollars it stole from me could possibly be considered authleft.")
('Authoritarian Right', 'Ripped Friedman is cursed.')
('Centrist', 'u/savevideobot')
('Libertarian Right', 'I’d rather starve than get a stimulus check. I won’t affiliate with the people fucking their cousins to have child benefits for the rest of their lives.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Dunking on Biden is one of the only things that the whole compass agrees on.')
('Libertarian Left', 'I read about this. Supposedly your parents technically count as you representatives which is dumb and gay.')
('Authoritarian Left', "That's why they should be able to vote")
('Libertarian Right', 'This is great')
('Libertarian Left', 'lol')
('Libertarian Left', 'Become gender studies professor')
('Libertarian Right', 'Maybe authright and authleft can get along after all...\n\nYou commie bastards')
('Centrist', 'Perkins is tiger woods approved by the way.')
('Libertarian Left', 'yo whats the music')
('Centrist', 'lmao the top left quadrant is constantly seething with rage and crying about unimportant stuff and people talking about things they dont like\n\nthats the only reason anything gets banned in the first place')
('Libertarian Right', "While the tip option is annoying and can be avoided....WTF is with having ads where I'm finishing my purchase.  Do we have to put ads on every screen that ever exists?")
('Libertarian Left', 'WAIT HOLY SHIT IS THAT MY POST? I PUT IT ON CMV LIKE 2 DAYS AGO\n\nEdit: Its not but its damn close')
('Libertarian Left', 'I em wery ofendet rn')
('Left', '/u/nwordcountbot /u/TheDoct0rx')
('Libertarian Left', 'Anarchy spider anarchy spider')
('Libertarian Right', 'Wait, people unironically enjoy Ben and Jerry’s? I’m more of a Great Value guy myself.')
('Centrist', 'Ah yes. The Auth-Rght citizen past time of disobeying the Auth-Right regime. /s')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Comrade Tucker')
('Libertarian Left', 'This was actually surreal to watch')
('Centrist', "I don't claim to be a political expert, I just want legal weed")
('Centrist', 'this but unironically')
('Libertarian Left', 'Honestly this would be nice. Would get to have the whole check which is *calculator noises* 8% more check per check.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Let us be not gay in peace lol')
('Centrist', 'K. And?')
('Libertarian Left', 'Fucking Emily')
('Authoritarian Left', "They can vote, but there's only one candidate")
('Left', 'I can rizz her up after I die. 🥰')
('Centrist', 'The square hole.')
('Libertarian Right', 'holy shit these men are so hot they send me straight into libleft')
('Libertarian Left', 'u/nwordcountbot u/Chardoggy1')
('Libertarian Right', 'holy shit go outside')
('Authoritarian Left', 'How do you get banned from the nwordcount bot?')
('Left', 'US government.. authleft. Just wtf man..')
('Authoritarian Right', 'I embrace it')
('Libertarian Left', 'This is a God tier meme.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'What is the song?')
('Left', 'Internet gas')
('Libertarian Left', "I'm glad I found this sub. These are some spicy memes")
('Authoritarian Left', 'Remember, unless you’re lib left you’re a bad person')
('Centrist', "That's one goddamn quality OC right there, wow")
('Centrist', 'The fact that this unifies all sides of the compass in being offended by it is beautiful.')
('Centrist', 'I stay in my state only because it is the home of Vermin Supreme. Live Free or Die.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Uncommon UK W.')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Based punk')
('Libertarian Left', 'My favorite is the kid who\'s super power seems to be shitposting? Like his powers are internet based cuz he got exposed to experimental "internet gas" and his character trait is being a smartass')
('Left', 'Left center supports pot though')
('Centrist', 'u/nwordcountbot u/Maeserk')
('Authoritarian Right', 'im just going to leave this here.\n\n&#x200B;\n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iJmFEv6BHM0')
('Libertarian Left', 'I know what the Constitution says.  I just choose to ignore it.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'I wish the virus wasn’t a things, because I would love to do this.')
('Libertarian Left', "I'm trying to figure out which quadrant correlates to which Hogwarts house, here's what I've come up with so far:\n\nLibleft is hufflepuff, Authright is slytherin, and Authleft and Libright constantly fight over who is Gryffindor.\n\nIn the end I think I have to put AuthLeft as gryffindor, because leadership is associated with that house, and Libright gets Ravenclaw due to intelligence and wit.")
('Left', 'Fox is... based???')
('Libertarian Left', 'sometimes i think im done thinking about tucker carlson and then he says something like this')
('Libertarian Left', '> Into kinky space stuff\n\nHey, thanks, you really get me.')
('Right', 'To be fair abortion Isn’t a question of small government of large government it simply a question of is it human being or is it not.')
('Left', 'Is this correct? (From top left to bottom right):\n\nStalin, Hitler, Pinochet\n\nTrotsky, Grill Man, Adam Smith (or is it Edmund Burke?)\n\nMakho, Proudhon, Rothbard (or is it Friedman?)')
('Libertarian Left', 'Anyone who buys anything from a retail store pays taxes. So a 7 year old buying Pokemon cards or candy is paying taxes. I remember being a kid and having to pay taxes on the candy I bought from the local pool.')
('Libertarian Left', 'That clock is designed for fear mongering to control people')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Oh look, more propaganda.')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Also what is the music in the background I need it')
('Libertarian Left', '>Nobody listed coal mines\n\nCringe')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger Nigger')
('Libertarian Right', 'Leftists- bash the fash!!!\n\nAlso leftists- nooooooo, not the big tech or pharmaceutical companies, they love us!!! \n\nWtf happened to the occupy movement leftists')
('Libertarian Left', 'Lib left centrist cucks like em')
('Right', 'You know what’s offensive to the mummies? Being in the British Museum.')
('Libertarian Left', 'u/nwordcountbot u/navecomix')
('Libertarian Right', 'Oh god, the unflaired, ***the unflaired!!!***\n\nPlease flair up people, even if you are from r/all')
('Right', 'Based af')
('Centrist', "I'll bet 5 Molotov cocktails that she's actually meaning social democracy.")
('Libertarian Left', "Finally, I can stop pretending to care about electoralism. I didn't want this, but it's not the worst it could be, Trump would be better than Biden and Biden is going to be fucking destroyed. I'm looking forward to seeing Trump destroy Biden, and all the libs freaking out. If Biden won, the same shit would happen but people wouldn't care.")
('Libertarian Left', 'u/polcompbot u/HeyheyIzDaKaykay')
('Authoritarian Left', "Leftists don't like Biden")
('Libertarian Left', 'But a one person autocracy is literally the smallest possible government')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Auth for the people outside\n\nLib for those inside')
('Centrist', 'Trotsky would still be AuthLeft')
('Centrist', "Seems like, if you don't want the peasants to rise up and wipe your bloodline off the map, you have to treat them better.\n\nThey should've learned this lesson from the French. Oh well.")
('Libertarian Left', 'u/savevideo')
('Libertarian Right', 'LibLeft looks like Lalo from Better Call Saul.\n\nA+ artwork OP. Absolutely high effort and based.')
('Libertarian Left', '...how are we measuring success? Clearly not in freedoms')
('Centrist', "Libright also ain't sitting too good...")
('Centrist', "What Canada is doing to the right to die will be very detrimental- it's sickening. \n\nProgress: -20 years; all because they just started telling everyone regardless of situation to kys.")
('Libertarian Right', 'Rage against the machine is so mid for lefty music too')
('Centrist', 'MILFS I LOVE MIILFFFFSS!!!!')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Irony, spiders are very individualistic')
('Libertarian Left', 'They want the people hooked on opiates and booze it sounds like')
('Centrist', "This is how you know it's like a cult.\n\nNothing good has ever told kids to do it in secret without telling their parents. That's how you know it's all obviously fucked up.")
('Libertarian Right', 'Chase Young (predator)')
('Libertarian Left', 'Wait... did you just call r/politics libleft????')
('Libertarian Right', "*The FBI's diversity quotas outing yet another obvious psy op*")
('Right', "Oh, i'm going to say the M-WORD!!!")
('Right', "So I guess the real reason they're replacing existing characters with more woke versions of themselves rather than creating new and interesting characters for minority groups to look up to is because when they actually try to create original characters for them the result is something me and my buddies would come up with as a joke.")
('Left', 'Haha')
('Right', 'F*** Nestle')
('Libertarian Right', 'Bing Chilling')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Oh man if only they could not wear masks so that we could identify them and check if they are really neo nazies and not some fed bois doing mild amount of tomfoolery')
('Libertarian Right', "Putting politics in ice cream is stupid, but yelling about it to anyone that listens is stupider because you're doing exactly what they wanted you to do")
('Left', '**BASED**')
('Libertarian Left', 'This statement from a LibRight starting with "If 16-17 year olds..." didn\'t go at all the way I expected it too. Well-played, sir.')
('Left', 'Erm  \nwhat the scallop')
('Libertarian Right', 'I can barely justify tipping at those places where you order at the counter and collect your own food (what the hell are they doing that I should tip for?) no fucking way I’m giving money to a machine.')
('Authoritarian Left', '*Grabs doomer leftists* WHY WHY WHY WHY WHY whyyyyyyy ya so nervous man...')
('Libertarian Right', 'Authright got banned already')
('Left', 'Let me guess, absolutely nothing has been "banned", but a museum is using more precise terminology for something in its exhibits so we\'re supposed to be angry')
('Libertarian Right', 'now getting a fraction of what you paid in taxes back is communism? sign me up!')
('Libertarian Left', 'When leaving your echo chamber means going to another overpopulated, sensational social media website instead of going outside and talking to real people.')
('Centrist', 'What makes you an non-peasant')
('Authoritarian Right', 'KKK was leftist')
('Libertarian Left', 'u/nwordcountbot')
('Left', 'I mean taxation without representation already exists in the US, just look at DC')
('Libertarian Left', 'Coming into this post and sub from r/All is CONFUSING AF. Where am I? What is this? What are these comments and flair? What does "based" mean? I need to know more, I need to join this weird cult.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Forcing your values onto others by force is cringe, whether it’s on a personal level or an international level.')
('Left', 'Why we need Social Darwinism')
('Left', "Wait that's actually a really good point. I doubt most make enough to pay income tax in most states anyway but yeah")
('Libertarian Right', 'i swear everytime i see this meme his face gets smaller but his head stays the same.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Like I 100% agree with what he’s saying. However that doesn’t mean that white supremacy isn’t a huge fucking issue. I think they are closely related issues. Class and race are bonded together here in America.')
('Libertarian Right', "Illegal mining poisoned their river and that's how Bolsonaro committed genocide. I'm sorry, what?\n\nAlso, what the fuck is that compass? Do you think he actually did it and libertarians would actually defend this?")
('Libertarian Left', "Yeahhhh... I'm LibLeft and not stupid enough fall for that shit. I rather have Biden than that orange fuck! ಠ_ಠ")
('Libertarian Left', 'holy shit accidentally based?')
('Centrist', 'On one hand this is terrible but on the other hand I’m doubtful because Reddit propoganda, anyone got a source')
('Centrist', "I'm pretty sad. Americans have a lot of reasons to storm the Capitol building, and this is the one that was chosen.")
('Centrist', 'If she says yes to a date, I’ll give libleft asylum.')
('Centrist', 'Nb4 authright starts crying about a dolphin\n\nIronically this is the only one I felt anything about')
('Libertarian Left', "D'brickishaw Ferguson?")
('Libertarian Left', 'Not Based')
('Authoritarian Right', 'We do not think, that we are political experts. We are LARPing as political experts, and we are doing a great job at it.')
('Left', 'Who here has a degree in political science?')
('Libertarian Left', 'One major difference. Every democrat politician condemned the violence and the riots and Trump actively incited this bullshit and then said he loved them and they were special for it.')
('Centrist', 'You know you get most of it back when you file your taxes because you dont make much as a 16 yr old')
('Left', 'The British would prefer to say, "Nile Jerky"')
('Left', 'u/VredditDownloader')
('Libertarian Right', 'u/nwordcountbot u/scotteh95')
('Right', 'Why so many unflaired suddenly? Flair up you dumb cunts.')
('Left', "At least Maya Rudolph isn't completely fucking annoying I guess.... Still not sexy candy though")
('Libertarian Left', "There's a mock Biden account on Twitter and [it's pretty great.](https://twitter.com/biden4pres)")
('Libertarian Right', 'This has got to violate the NAP somehow, fuck')
('Libertarian Right', 'Oh now they want to show respect after they had used them for paint pigments and eat them and ingest powdered bits for an aphrodisiac?')
('Authoritarian Right', 'There’s a very fine line between patriot and nationalist')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Get AuthLeft and LibRight outa there and then it will be accurate.')
('Left', 'i am in love with this post')
('Centrist', '*The imposter is sus*')
('Centrist', 'The irony.')
('Centrist', 'blessed')
('Libertarian Left', 'FYI, Bill Clinton is the one that killed the Welfare system in 1996.\nObviously Trump is a fucking shithead but the left leadership of the last few decades is complicit in the broken system as well.\n\nFuck them all, two-party death spiral that works for big money and not you.')
('Centrist', "I'm actually currently in the middle of the King in Yellow. How the hell can someone imbue paper and ink with pure despair?")
('Authoritarian Right', 'i miss when it was just red nose day and live aid...')
('Centrist', 'Read another book.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'more reasons to hate tipping culture')
('Libertarian Right', 'Ow mai ghaad!')
('Libertarian Left', 'G')
('Libertarian Left', "Isn't this really basic stuff like how investments work so you don't get scammed? Capitalism is glorified everywhere already. This could be a good thing so people don't lose their money to someone trying to take advantage of them")
('Centrist', 'Maturing is realising RATM was always cringe.')
('Left', 'The quality of drawing correlates with the quality of reasoning.')
('Libertarian Right', 'The whole point of the lib right quadrant is that everything should be on a volunteer basis, you silly billy')
('Authoritarian Right', 'The man transformed the GOP into the NeoCon cancer that it is. Damn shame Hinckley had such bad aim.')
('Right', 'u/vredditdownloader')
('Centrist', 'u/nwordcountbot u/cone8042')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Is it just me or is Hitler a bit too hot for the rest of them ?')
('Left', 'Huh. Compass unity. Om trying to think of the outliers that might exist who voted without being taxed.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Noooo the eminemussy is on pause???')
('Libertarian Left', 'Imagine beeing proud of made up lines')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Almost had a straight Mod, but they were all aborted\n\n\U0001fae0')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Libright isn’t mad lol. Reddit is privately owned and the site is private property. If they want authrights to fuck off, so be it. That’s their right and they can kick anyone off for any reason.')
('Authoritarian Left', "I call bullshit.\n\nHow'd ya get the checkmark below the red circle ya filthy Natzi!?")
('Libertarian Right', 'Idk I’m libright but I don’t really care for auth right, all I hate is auth left and a little of libleft, im a trump supporter but I hate extremists and I just want the country to be run on the constitution')
('Left', 'Nice meme')
('Libertarian Left', 'Wait, why is this the top of all time post???')
('Libertarian Right', 'Nice')
('Libertarian Right', 'Matt Gaetz is based\n\nGtfo with mUh XtrEmE fAcTioNz')
('Authoritarian Right', "I've been taxed since I was 14.")
('Authoritarian Left', 'u/nwordcountbot u/cynicaldotes')
('Right', "Yawn I think I'm over American politics now. Shit has sucked ever since Obama 2nd term when SJWs appeared. This was oh so predictable.\n\nShame they take the spotlight globally,")
('Centrist', "Hear me out- Grillers are the apolitical centrists, smokers agree with all quadrants and don't bias towards one specifically")
('Authoritarian Right', 'I just wanna grill gotdamnit')
('Authoritarian Left', 'I’m studying mechanical engineering and they pushed me to take “gender in pop culture” as a general education class because I’m nonbinary (lol). There’s 100 points in assignments and 35 points in potential extra credit. Laughably easy.')
('Libertarian Left', "Same with people who aren't citizens.")
('Libertarian Left', 'Who the fuck would be proud of there country lmao there history’s are all terrible')
('Left', 'Actually very true')
('Libertarian Right', 'Idk if it says more about me or about society that the only people i know on this chart are the auths')
('Libertarian Left', "I mean it's cheaper, raising them could be done with food that can't be sold, and extremely nutritious.\n\nNot to mention insects are basically just land shrimp.")
('Left', 'Ah, the long forgotten Volume 4 of Das Kapital: "The Spider and The Fly"')
('Centrist', 'Lol')
('Right', 'I don’t like him either. \n\nHe said we should still support the FBI.')
('Libertarian Right', "Damn, Authright did more in a couple hours than Libleft managed to do in several months. Even Libleft's staple of protests and civil disobedience gets outdone by Authright when they decide to try it. Poor Libleft. How will they change the definition of protests and riots so the stuff they did over the summer sounds heroic while making Authright's actions sound bad?")
('Left', 'Love they neighbor***\n\n\n***unless they are a minority.')
('Right', "Technically if you're under 18, all of your possessions and money are your legal guardians property")
('Libertarian Right', 'Florida man teaches economics in high school, actually pretty based, now bring back home ec and woodshop.')
('Centrist', 'Oh god , libleft is gonna try to claim political asylum everywhere now ........')
('Libertarian Left', 'So let me get this straight:\n\nPeople called M&Ms ""woke"" (from what I saw) because they added a new mascot who happens to be a chick? Or was It because they did that special packaging for Women\'s Empowerment? \n\nHell, I saw a Shapiro clip where they\'re saying they\'re Trans? Despite nothing claiming the new character to be? It\'s literally just a purple piece of candy.\n\nI feel like we\'re In a new era of "Im not like other guys" where some chuds have to announce they\'re "not woke" and woke just being mundane things.')
('Left', 'No, it’s a plot for a Super Bowl ad. Remember the Baby Nut incident?')
('Centrist', 'Ii')
('Centrist', 'Do you happen to have only the centrist so I can use it as my discord profile pic? Pretty please?')
('Centrist', "This might just be the most based thing I'll ever see")
('Centrist', 'Bruh are there 16-17 year olds making enough to pass the standard deduction? I made about $500/month working part time in high school. $0 income tax. I would imagine that 99% of working 16-17 year olds are the same.\n\nSo if you’re 17 and making $15k per year, then it’s fine by me if you pay $600 in income tax. Nbd.')
('Centrist', 'Cause they made it 2 weeks ago')
('Libertarian Right', '6')
('Libertarian Left', 'Shoulda been Marshall Mathers')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Just declassify everything and then no one has classified documents')
('Libertarian Right', 'Bro yall literally murdered his entire family including his wife and kids. Killing tyrants is based but leave kids alone smh.')
('Right', 'Isn’t pro immigration a lib right thing.')
('Centrist', 'Local independent ice creamery')
('Authoritarian Right', 'This is actually pretty magnificent. Based.')
('Libertarian Left', 'If somebody could do me a favor and let me know any business that does advertising for these comics, I would like to fucking never do business with them again.  Thanks!')
('Libertarian Left', 'Adam Smith would be a social democrat today, actually.  And Proudhon was solidly a leftist, lib center should be Stirner or another individualist anarchist. 8/10.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Hit them with some of that internet gas. The experimental kind.')
('Centrist', 'High quality meming here')
('Authoritarian Right', 'At first had my curiosity, but now you have my erection')
('Libertarian Right', 'As a bit of a treat - in eastern European countries being at the very least sceptical of police is completely mainstream and shared by all generations. Mostly due to the fact that they were used as a tool of oppression, to break riots and so on. So it\'s totally cool for a punk, skinhead and old conservative people to all say "fuck the police".')
('Right', 'This but unironically')
('Libertarian Right', 'Why are all the Soviet songs so good? I honestly think that Auth left picked the ideology that had the best music.')
('Libertarian Left', 'I agree, Rally Dakar is obviously the superior race compared to F1.')
('Right', 'here have some delicious hay')
('Libertarian Right', 'Obvious joke is obvious.')
('Left', 'Beautiful')
('Left', 'Small government in eyes of republicans:\n\nSingle man in government')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Ha, try me.')
('Right', 'ngl, roosters are rapey as fuck')
('Libertarian Right', '😎Listen Jack, how do I open PDF?')
('Libertarian Right', 'Free ponys for all')
('Libertarian Left', "Ahem: God's sake")
('Authoritarian Left', "Honestly I dont know if this is supposed to parody of the parody of how right wing people make NB/Trans people out to be or a parody on left wing people for trying to enforce NB/Trans rights.\nThis is some galaxy level brain shit and it's horrible")
('Libertarian Right', 'Self interested, not selfish.')
('Right', 'u/basedcountbot')
('Libertarian Right', 'Either way fuck em.')
('Right', '“Racist” “responsible for all of the poor people” “sold crack to black people” “most corrupt regime” lmao this is delusional')
('Centrist', 'UwU')
('Authoritarian Left', "We've been outflanked this entire time...")
('Libertarian Right', 'Based 😔')
('Libertarian Left', '/u/VredditDownloader')
('Centrist', 'I’m confused, in america you get all your taxes back when it’s tax time until you’re 18. At least it was like that in the early 2000’s.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Private company blah blah blah something something not a free speech violation.')
('Left', 'centrists just wanting to kill gives the same vibes as aces just wanting cake')
('Libertarian Right', 'Pill and BaseRed')
('Centrist', 'U/nwordcountbot u/ian15243')
('Centrist', "I awake today.. there's some different in the air. \n\nI log into Reddit, I see this post. \n\nGod has come back.. we will grill")
('Libertarian Right', 'I think you meant assault weapons, that is what they say all the time while it\'s not a real term with a definition. \n\nAnd you should have added something like "Makes law abiding citizens felons over night by changing laws while being a bureaucratic institution and not the legislature" to the ATF.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'can’t his entire quota be disproved by the horseshoe theory?')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Sex')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Oh no our sub got banned\n\n*makes new one*')
('Libertarian Left', 'Made me lol. Good job mate')
('Left', 'Realistically though DC is better than marvel in every way except films, and even then DC has the dark knight trilogy.')
('Centrist', "In Hagrid's voice: *Yer a wizard Emily*")
('Centrist', 'This was dope asl. But why does this sub still think /r/politics is LibLeft lol')
('Authoritarian Left', "I'd never thought I'd see Milton Friedman in the buff.")
('Libertarian Right', 'Just commit tax evasion, taxation is theft!')
('Centrist', 'he created wut?')
('Libertarian Left', 'What the fuck? Based Tucker Carlson.')
('Libertarian Left', "Life Pro Tip: If you never heard about a political discussion in real life and only on the internet don't inform you even a little bit and don't care about it.")
('Left', 'u/nwordcountbot u/A_Meteorologist')
('Centrist', 'Oh no it hit r/all')
('Authoritarian Left', 'These people have always tried to enter society through the left, but the actual left told them to fuck off. Enter the Green parties and the liberal left.')
('Libertarian Left', 'not a single person in this comment section had the thought occur to them that the Nazi would wear the pride Malcolm X shirt to be ironic? “glowies”, “feds”, “psyops” bro u have schizophrenia')
('Libertarian Right', 'Still cant belive that this is actually real')
('Libertarian Left', "and then you got center lefts being like : actually racism is a product of capitalism. neither can be dismantled unless they're both dismantled")
('Libertarian Left', 'now THIS is **epic.**\n\nno seriously, this is really good.... it makes me question my heterosexuality :flushed:\n\n^(help me)  \n\n\n  \nalso based')
('Libertarian Right', 'based')
('Libertarian Left', "Oh yeah, it's almost like it's the same as any other internet personality/ideology test, entertaining to do, holds some truth but overall is worthless, people are too complicated to be shoe-horned into 9 flairs or 9 enneagrams or 16 mbtis or what type of sandwich you are. You might be a panini today but tomorrow you'll probably be a toastie.")
('Libertarian Left', 'Cornpop stole his mind')
('Libertarian Right', 'nice meme')
('Right', '/u/nwordcountbot /u/cmdrcaboose2')
('Libertarian Left', "Implying yellow and blue aren't the same person")
('Centrist', 'The Janitor dude is the only one right in this situation')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Biden: *WHO DO YOU THINK YOU ARE I AM*')
('Right', 'This is legit how I felt when sanders supporters said they were voting trump')
('Right', 'Disagreed.  The whole idea is you want the government to spend your money on things that you think benefit you and the nation as a whole.\n\nMilitary, drug war, CIA:  Good, sign me up.\n\nOpen borders, handouts, free healthcare:  Bad, dont like.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Абсолютно верно, товарищ.')
('Libertarian Right', 'I don’t mind the retirement of the mascots as much as I mind the fact that they are replacing them with maya Rudolph.  I just find her obnoxious.')
('Right', 'If they list their politics as a reason why I should buy from them, it would stand to reason that those same politics would be a reason *not* to buy from them.')
('Centrist', 'Is...is that...CENTRIST VORE')
('Libertarian Right', 'None of them belong on the lib half of the compass.')
('Centrist', 'Passive Progressive.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'u/nwordcountbot u/deadlyx39')
('Libertarian Right', 'Libleft looking like Lalo Salamanca')
('Right', "I agree! If I don't vote for the orange man, uncle Joe the rapist or barry soetoro (Obama), I shouldn't have to fund their bullshit!")
('Libertarian Right', 'u/polcompbot u/doyola')
('Libertarian Right', 'Florida man checking in, going to take this class so i can learn how to sell some crack so i can smoke for free. Then i will use the left over cash to sell monster truck t shirts')
('Libertarian Right', 'Hmmmm')
('Left', "Should i be saying OK boomer cause they called their teen superheroes  used by boomers to upset millennials  \nOr Should i be calling them libtards for obvious reasons. I'm confused, but just flat out think this is stupid.")
('Centrist', "I'm not saying there aren't nazis on the right, but if you think a handful of people showing up with swastikas to pose for a picture at right wing protests mean anything, you're an idiot. It's probably real on occasion, but it's like the easiest known way to sabotage a conservative event.\n\nLike the one guy who showed up with a swastika flag to the trucker protest with his own personal photographer following him around.")
('Libertarian Right', 'I like this')
('Right', 'Fuck NFA. Fuck ATF. And fuck the fudds that bitch about gas ovens more than how the ATF turned millions of Americans into felons overnight.')
('Centrist', 'No... Replace Libleft and authleft')
('Libertarian Left', "I actually like Snowflake's design but they should have used yellow and purple (NB flag colors) instead of pink and blue (trans flag colors). It almost seems they don't understand the difference between being trans and being non-binary.\n\nBut hey, let's not ignore the real issue here. Whoever greenlit the idea of a memelord who was exposed to experimental internet gas and is now able to Google anything at the speed of a cellphone needs to be fired.")
('Libertarian Right', 'u/nwordcountbot u/anrende')
('Libertarian Left', "That's less Lib-Right and more just common sense.  Agreed.")
('Left', 'Next question: Should government exist\n\n"Yes"\n\n"20 points for auth"')
('Libertarian Left', "I'm ngl I'm a fan of superhero names being reappropriated insults, but this is too much at once.")
('Libertarian Left', '> libertarian left   \n\n> supports every political opinion except for communists, conservatives, and *libertarians*\n\nWhat')
('Centrist', "I'm actually agreeing.")
('Libertarian Left', "Do minors pay taxes where you're from?")
('Right', 'Outback needs to embrace the meme. They would bury Hooters/Twin Peaks/Tilted Kilt/etc...')
('Libertarian Left', "If this words weren't so political this would actually be cool names, guess I'm a centrist now. Btw their character design is terrible")
('Left', 'But they’re the people that make the nightclubs fun…')
('Authoritarian Right', "It is an interesting thought experiment, thinking about all the friends and/or family we would have if it wasn't for abortion.")
('Libertarian Right', 'That’s a gamer move')
('Centrist', '"It\'s only fascism if YOU\'RE doing it sweaty"')
('Libertarian Right', 'Based and when men burn women alive we hang them pilled.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Yeah, this is one of the few places on the internet that the four corners can come together and not hate eachother - lets not rock that boat.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Yes, and that is why America is not the new Israel, but the great prostitute of Babylon of the Apocalypse')
('Libertarian Right', 'Eat all humans.')
('Libertarian Right', 'well done')
('Libertarian Left', '>pretends to be Russian, everyone\'s white\nI don\'t get this part. Did you mean "White American"? Because Russians are white')
('Right', "Oh, Bethesda Russia is also not gay. I mean, we generally react negatively to such show-offs, but not like there's 0 market of cargo cultists wishing to consume gay products here, so it's up to a company to pick and choose.")
('Libertarian Right', 'u/nwordcountbot')
('Libertarian Right', 'What a beautiful love story.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Muslim Todd Howard is pretty based.')
('Libertarian Right', 'One side of me wishes this was fake so I could sleep soundly. Another side...\n\nEdit: you have a source?')
('Centrist', 'Best agendapost ever')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Thanks, I hate it.')
('Authoritarian Left', '/u/nwordcountbot /u/diamondwolf')
('Libertarian Left', 'Authleft: you guys are getting ice cream?\n\nLibright: yes, yes. Very nice.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'What if you\'re more of a "helicopter rides" than a "blood and soil" authright? I think I\'m immune to your sad little bot!')
('Libertarian Right', '/u/Always_Late_Lately mandatory link https://youtu.be/Ta8qMl1-XE0')
('Libertarian Left', "are you kidding me? LibLeft is absolutely wrong, I'm (and most of them are) busting a gut with Red up there lol")
('Left', "Nah, see it's peak lib so like centrist but with purple libright")
('Libertarian Left', "This whole saga is some of the weirdest and cringy shit I've seen in my 21 years on the internet.")
('Right', 'why? They don’t give a shit lol')
('Authoritarian Right', 'there are US military personnel looking at this wondering how they can weaponize this level of autism')
('Libertarian Right', 'Deadass based')
('Right', 'Ah yes, we pulled them out of their tombs and stole all their stuff, poked, prodded, scanned and photographed their dead bodies then put them on display for people to gawk at but we have to preserve their dignity by using the right pronouns')
('Centrist', '💀💀💀💀')
('Centrist', 'I am amazed by the sheer volume of people here with a distorted impression of what secularism actually is. To be clear, according to wikipedia, a [secular state](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Secular_state) is any country that "purports to be neutral in the matters of religion, supporting neither religion nor irreligion". Countries such as Turkey and France that ban religious clothing or practices fall under the category of state-enforced atheism, which is completely different from secularism.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Holy crap the awards. Not based.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Honestly I like the discourse going over the aborted partner posts. It shows that whatever side of the compass your on. Schizoposting is eternal.')
('Libertarian Left', "I'm all for representation. \n\nBut this is cringe af")
('Libertarian Right', "Like the rest of political reddit isn't full of retards. At least we're self-aware retards.")
('Libertarian Right', 'CIA: "Bro, wouldn\'t it be funny if we fucked with black communities on the tax-payer dollar!"')
('Libertarian Right', 'Now do Western sanctions regimes and starvation.')
('Centrist', "Didn't Bethesda destroy a small indie company")
('Right', 'Cucker being terrible as always')
('Libertarian Right', 'Authright blames personal short comings on unrelated social issue. Unfathomably based')
('Authoritarian Right', 'They banned r/islamicsub may allah punish these vile dogs')
('Right', 'How are rights lib?  Rights are often laws, laws = tyranny.')
('Libertarian Right', "Oh look! Commie Lula takes over and now the media goes into overdrive to produce propaganda against the previous populist admin. Who would have seen that coming? Certainly not anyone that's been paying attention since the CIA... err, I mean the GW Bush administration.")
('Authoritarian Right', 'I’ve looked at this for 5 hours now')
('Libertarian Right', 'Nothing is free.')
('Right', "I'm a Republican, but I'm more a Christian-Libertarian so no Abortion, no Death Penalty and everything else let people do as they please.")
('Authoritarian Right', 'What the fuck is this ungodly abomination')
('Centrist', 'I support this')
('Left', "I love how the left and right both have to 'No True Scottsman' away the crazy things some people on their side say, but when that happens on the left it's a teenager on twitter or an associate professor in bumfuck kentucky, but when it happens on the right it's a Senator.")
('Right', 'Thank you Jesus')
('Left', 'wtf? LibLeft, you good?')
('Left', 'That’s not the reason but 16 year olds definitely deserve the right to vote.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Hey at least we are nice retards. We could be the psycho retards in every other political subreddit')
('Centrist', 'If ex-cons can’t own guns, then they shouldn’t be able to vote by the same logic')
('Libertarian Left', 'wanna see peak authright?\n\nu/nwordcountbot u/nikolal69')
('Centrist', 'LibRight chad fooling everyone. He\'s ensuring business stays in his community by trying to defame "such and such islands". He then maintains consistency and lets the foreigner feel good about himself so he\'s more likely to tip better. He\'s playing 9D Chess using melanin as a tool to monetize and monopolize.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Can someone do me')
('Libertarian Right', "I'd give up my right to vote if I didn't get taxed. Voting is an illusion, 30% of your paycheck is real")
('Authoritarian Right', 'Imperator Donaldus Rex shall cross the rubicon this day.')
('Libertarian Right', 'There, I googled it for you\nGenocide:\nthe\xa0deliberate\xa0killing of a large number of people from a particular nation or ethnic group with the aim of\xa0destroying\xa0that nation or group.\n\nPlease stop using strong words for politial bullshit or they wont have any effect when they are needed in the future.')
('Libertarian Left', "I've had plenty of civil debates with people of different political views and one thing we always can agree on is that nothing will change until we get money out of politics.")
('Libertarian Right', 'But why put a maga hat on lib right? We hate trump.')
('Centrist', "Well if we're being technical Bernie isnt *really* a radical leftist. Hes just a moderate with socialist policies")
('Left', 'u/vRedditdownloader')
('Centrist', 'I have a tax question now. I brought this up to my older sister and she said that our income tax return makes up for any money we had lost. But i doubt thats true, and dont care enought to check my bank stubs. \n\nHas anybody heard and rebottled this argument? Does Tax refund make for the lost money.')
('Authoritarian Left', "I'm literally sending Trump supporters memes and strats to help this along lmao, there's not a single one of us that doesn't know what the deal is here, were not getting tricked")
('Centrist', 'For this to be accurate the USA needs a lib left.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Based.')
('Libertarian Right', 'centrist at its peak')
('Authoritarian Right', 'IM PARANOID AND ON EDGE')
('Libertarian Left', 'In Brazil u can vote at 16yo')
('Left', '"Should human rights extend to poor people"\n\n"Yes"\n\nShoots you well left of Lenin')
('Centrist', "They're both overpriced shit. Buy local produced icecream.")
('Libertarian Right', 'I wouldn’t want it any other way')
('Libertarian Right', 'Everybody hates adobe')
('Libertarian Right', 'I\'ll let you in on my little secret ice cream brand. 7-11 store brand.   Now I know what you\'re thinking "that\'s gotta be processed airated crap"  \nWell there\'s fda regulations on what can be called ice cream, and despite them branding it as "go-yum" they have the words ice cream printed on the package in like 12 point black sans serif font, it\'s the weirdest thing. Apparently those regulations may be double edged, just as you can\'t pretend to be ice cream when not, you can\'t pretend it\'s not ice cream when it is.\n\nAnd it\'s delicious.')
('Authoritarian Right', '0 votes and 54 comments oh no')
('Libertarian Right', 'Voluntarism is also based, and the only governance derived from consent.')
('Libertarian Left', 'I support prohibition unironically. No I am not ashamed of this position, no I do not consume any intoxicants.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Well lovely. I now live in a world that has a buff shirtless Hitler.')
('Left', 'Omg conservitards keep voting against their own interests. How dumb can you be?\n\nWhat do you mean Bernie or bust is voting against my own interests? Fuck off liberal!')
('Left', 'Who gives a fuck what political spectrum someone is on, if they have good opinions they have good opinions, if they have shitty opinions they have shitty opinions.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Hmm')
('Libertarian Left', 'Why is this so arousing?')
('Right', "Well's blue bunny")
('Centrist', 'I like it, but could we get a version with Teddy Roosevelt as the Centrist?')
('Libertarian Right', 'Any other librights know who set up the hot dog stand in the middle of the riot? I want their autograph')
('Left', "I can't tell if that's a gloomer chick or a pretty grunge boy....\n\n*Good grief, how troublesome!*")
('Libertarian Right', "Have we reached peak compass unity? Holy shit it's damn near unanimous")
('Right', 'Let me try it on myself')
('Libertarian Left', 'I mean. Libleft could be liberty, equality, order. the goal is that we all enjoy liberty equaly in an order without vertical hierarchy. Also it seems like I just began to write a wall of text to explain the libleft position on those 3 words so I guess the meme was accurate with all its imperfection because the meme ask a definition of the political value with only one  word that could mean basicaly anything depending of the interpretation we make. The fact is that the libleft inpretation of those words is more true and more useful that the one each other quadrant use. the concept of liberty for exemple in the libright interpretation, would be more accurately described as the dictatorship of the capital because the liberty they defend is based on the value of the property each person possesses, as such the interest of those who own nothing would not be respected and only those who can use their capital will rightfully influence the way society work in this paradigm, thus the level of liberty each person enjoy would vary according to their relative wealth so tbe less wealthy would not have the same liberty that the rich would enjoy. liberty without equality is the tyrany of the powerful. Secondly the order autright defend is, in fact, chaos. The autright claim that their subjective perspective of what normality should be the eternal order and they never acknoledge that their idea doesnt correspond to reality and thus the "order" they create always have to fight against the reality that the world doesnt comply with the delusion they live in,  because of the idea that they protect   their order against the true order in which every progressive movement strive toward, they create and entertain the dialectical struggle between reality and the illusion of a pure tradition, creating chaos, a struggle between the old and the new and a war between reality and the narative that keep them in power. A true order would be to accept and evolve with the world and its diversity rather than to fight for the violent dominion of one\'s subjective archetype over the other. In fact, Anarchy is order! damn I\'m tired please for the rest imagined that I continue my rant by explaining how equality need freedom to be useful and that equality alone without taking needs into account contradictory and that only free and equal access to the means and the fruits of production is can bring a more healthy type of equality. to conclude not only is liberty, order and equality not contradictory they have to evolve in unity with one another to realy bring the best of each concept and the libleft position is the only that acknowledge and impleament them as such. The Autright oppose Progress with Order and only create Chaos. The Libright oppose Equality with Liberty and Autleft oppose Liberty with Equality and both can only create Tyrany. Only with libleft   can Liberty and Equality, Anarchy and communism, colaborate and thrive, and bring true Order by evolving with the world instead of opposing it.')
('Centrist', 'This is beautiful')
('Right', 'I might actually be authright but the compass keeps telling me otherwise')
('Right', 'Forgive me god.\n\nI have sinned.')
('Libertarian Left', "You know... jokes aside I could respect that.  It would help teens get savings to start their lives as well.\n \nOf course that line of discussion leads us to ask why other groups are taxed without representation, like territories or Washington DC.  Both of which I'd argue need better representation in the government they pay for.")
('Right', "I am very sorry yanks, but I am 'foregin influencing' for demented pedo dude this cycle. Trump stance on UA is too shifty")
('Libertarian Left', 'Slide 3 Libleft is based')
('Libertarian Left', 'I FUCKING HATE THIS GUY')
('Right', 'u/nwordcountbot u/GiantRussianBear_')
('Centrist', 'That’ll do bot, that’ll do')
('Libertarian Right', "Well, that's it, I'm going auth.")
('Authoritarian Left', 'u/VredditDownloader')
('Authoritarian Right', 'So you’re saying I could rule it like a king? 👑')
('Centrist', 'I am waiting for max. 1 week. I don’t get whats going on in the rest of EU')
('Centrist', 'Im actually for this. Maybe we will get to a point where its too difficult to create an ad thats not offensive and we can get TV/internet/radio without ads.\n\nAnyone got some Copium i can hit?')
('Left', '(Repost to leftist subreddit to scold)\n\n(Rerepost to pcm to rescold)')
('Libertarian Right', 'Btw, the navy in the Founding Fathers’ time used to consist of privately owned warships.')
('Libertarian Left', 'the twitter files didn’t expose anything illegal and were so boring')
('Libertarian Right', "I've been preaching that the state just tries to draw you in with sweet nothings and then proceed to fuck you, but God damn this republican party of late sure is making me horny.")
('Left', 'I nutted at the end.')
('Centrist', 'Based, and beautiful')
('Libertarian Right', 'The annoying thing is when the westerners in the 21st century show up to your country and get mad at you for doing the exact shit that their ancestors told you to do to be more civilized when they forced open your borders in the late 1800’s')
('Centrist', "Lol we've achieved compass unity in here")
('Centrist', 'Beautiful stuff, OP. Amazing.')
('Libertarian Right', "I'm in it for the bread and reddit likes aren't we all")
('Libertarian Right', 'I would totally eat that shit')
('Libertarian Left', 'This is the exact path that GamersRiseUp went down')
('Libertarian Right', 'I dont')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Wait the fuck? This actually makes a lot of sense.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Add Stalin Colinet to the auth left roster')
('Right', 'The most based comment')
('Centrist', "Applebee's for lib right? I'd figure it'd be cheesecake factory since they have every dish on the menu and it's over priced.")
('Centrist', 'If I had a nickel for each time I saw a pcm simping for some globoneocringe shit this week, I’d have 2 nickels. Which isn’t a lot, but it’s weird that it’s happened twice.')
('Authoritarian Left', "I can't tell if the lib lefts and auth lefts in this thread / post are just playing around or if they're actually mis-flaired auth-centers.")
('Libertarian Right', 'This test is as old as me holy shit')
('Libertarian Right', 'Now do one that goes from authleft to right as a Nazi anthem fades in!\n\nAuthoritarians sure make great anthems.')
('Centrist', 'This legit happened to me when I saw the headline that simply said "protesters swarm capitol"')
('Libertarian Left', "The 2 party system is retarded and I would refuse to vote for someone that I heavily disagree with and is nothing more than damage control.\n\nBut I'm European, so oh well.")
('Centrist', 'Damn Trucker Carlton really do be makin some good points🤔')
('Libertarian Right', 'When Libleft goes too far')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Shut the fuck up OP')
('Right', 'I think we’re all aware of how retarded we are.')
('Centrist', 'Source from  [The Intercept] (https://theintercept.com/2022/10/31/social-media-disinformation-dhs/)')
('Centrist', 'This title is so misleading but then again what do i expect from any journalistic media these days.\n\nIt is based upon a gov funded study from months ago regarding replacing current criminal proceedings for certain drug offences with rehabilitative steps. It is not law, it is not even close to law. \n\nSome of the ideas I would assume most libs would be most in favour of.\n\nThis post was irresponsible.')
('Centrist', "-1 point because the big H isn't holding Lugers, +18 points for all the other guns.")
('Libertarian Right', 'I like them.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Holy shit touch grass')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Based and no compromise with terrorists pilled')
('Libertarian Right', 'Someone finally pointed out how the conservative sub has the gadsden flag for whatever reason and not Libertarians')
('Right', 'Pls, can someone just talk about the national debt?')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Bring it on pansies, no bot scares me.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Due to progressive taxes I get taxed more than most so I should get proportionate vote.')
('Right', 'Nah nah nah, what we have here folks is a false flag, and a lazy one at that.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Tbh the impression I got was "if you can\'t play nice with the toys then we\'re going to put them away" and I enjoy it')
('Right', 'I hate incest porn. it’s disgusting.')
('Libertarian Left', 'USSR wasn’t actually communist but okay')
('Libertarian Right', 'Spokesman')
('Libertarian Right', "Since they were aborted, and thus never baptized, they don't go to heaven. They go to purgatory.\n\nAt least that's what the church says.")
('Left', 'How did you make this?')
('Libertarian Left', 'Can someone explain why Hitler is Auth Unity?')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Never forget, this is the country that wanted to make their citizens buy [porn loicenses](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Proposed_UK_Internet_age_verification_system)')
('Libertarian Left', 'HR makes more than you. Guess what degree they have.')
('Right', 'What the fuck.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'YOU get a classified document , YOU get a classified document , EVERYONE gets a classified  document !')
('Libertarian Left', 'and, 20 to the left')
('Libertarian Left', 'There would probably need to be some kind of salary cap, otherwise you could have a kid “making” millions a year untaxed, but a good idea nonetheless')
('Right', 'I thought they were feds lol')
('Left', 'I think the reaction to them is worse than the characters.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Death by clubbing is a fate that tyrants and partygoers go through')
('Left', 'The entire state of D.C. would like to have some words with you about taxation without representation')
('Libertarian Left', '>USSR\n\n>Prime communist example\n\nLmao good one')
('Libertarian Left', 'They’re parents are taxed and can vote')
('Centrist', 'Has money = capitalism good  \nNo money = communism good')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Lib right has the worst facial hair, change my mind.')
('Centrist', 'Nah fam getting plastered is one of the few joys I have in life')
('Left', 'u/nwordcountbot u/iammeandyouisyou')
('Libertarian Right', 'Glowing brighter than Chernobyl')
('Libertarian Left', 'Bernie was a shit LibLeft candidate. Literally not a single good LibLeft candidate got any attention. He was too authoritarian')
('Centrist', 'I don’t think I have and I don’t want to know if I have.\n\nIf I have, I’m pretty sure I was quoting something.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Two parties suck.')
('Left', 'Oh sick you even put Alan "I didn\'t sleep with them naked, my undies were on" Derschowitz in the right quadrant.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'I’m curious...')
('Libertarian Right', 'The amount of money you purchase for dates with people you’ll never marry….')
('Libertarian Right', 'How has this sub not gone mad with u/userleansbot')
('Right', "Forget about them, it's the lawyers.")
('Left', 'That is really good')
('Left', 'Nut')
('Libertarian Right', 'Women right to vote in 1919.  Banned alcohol 1920.\n\nCreation of worst progressive public health initiative until COVID.  Thanks ladies.')
('Right', '"Voted for Trump, tired of left propaganda, banned from 17 Subreddits" sounds like the standard right winger. "grills for his white friends" is more radical than that')
('Libertarian Right', 'Why the fuck is Authleft pointing this out? To authleft this is a feature, not a problem. Put libright on there dammit.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Justice for GRU')
('Authoritarian Left', 'N-word')
('Centrist', 'I don’t agree with this politically, but damn is it funny')
('Libertarian Right', "I agree, taxation without representation is all around a terrible way to run things. People under 18 shouldn't be taxed or at least taxed significantly less.")
('Left', '>Right wingers protests government lockdown\n\n>Protesting government seizing the means of production\n\n>"You must hate capitalism.  *GOTCHA, TRUMPTARDS!"*')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Nah kick the other to jokers out, LibRight countries either fail (Somalia) or become auth (US). The commies at least know how to treat their government (as a God) but just end up starving.')
('Left', 'Tucker doesn’t actually believe this stuff, it’s his strategy to appear “down with the poors” when in reality, he’s exactly the kind of person he pretends to hate.')
('Libertarian Left', "Gotta be a troll. Ain't no way")
('Right', 'This is true to a certain extent but humans are tribal so although billionaires may live and see the world in a completely different way than the average person, the average person is still going to feel more divided against a person who looks completely different than them')
('Libertarian Left', "Is Tucker just a strasserite? I've never seen his show but the clips of him I have seen just seem like classic strasserism. Blows my mind America can get so close to a good idea and yet land so far off the mark.")
('Left', 'u/polcompbot u/canuckleball')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Look at mein thicc führer!')
('Libertarian Right', 'Stuff this stupid is exclusively American as far as I can tell ours may be bad but this shit doesn’t happen in Britain')
('Left', "Mfw criminals outside of organised crime don't have guns in places where guns are illegal")
('Left', "My favourite thing about the American left is that they're still right of centre but get called communist socialists by the American right because they're not in support of a full blown authoritarian class based technocratic oligarchy.")
('Left', 'u/nwordcountbot')
('Centrist', 'Only sith deal in absolutes become a centrist now')
('Libertarian Right', 'Wow, this is going to have a huge affect on the youth there.')
('Libertarian Left', 'But like generally they don’t? I don’t know any 16-17yo making enough to be taxed? I’m Canadian and it’s around 11,000 a ear in income to be taxed. So technically we get taxed but it’s all returned when you file taxes? Is that not the case in other countries?')
('Centrist', 'Every racists’ friend group:')
('Libertarian Left', "Actual people of color don't look like this. They look like Mike Pence in blackface with hair dye.")
('Libertarian Left', '[9Axes](https://9axes.github.io/) is superior but none of you chumps have the patience for it.')
('Libertarian Left', 'I feel personally attacked')
('Libertarian Left', 'well I guess a broken clock is right twice a day')
('Centrist', "Oregon doesn't even have a required standard for reading.")
('Libertarian Right', 'Get that anti-capitalist propaganda out of my quadrant!')
('Libertarian Right', 'This is just bad. We need to move on.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'I didn’t pay taxes this year just because of that')
('Libertarian Left', '[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gj1sNRNXZWk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gj1sNRNXZWk)')
('Libertarian Left', 'Jesus house is best house')
('Libertarian Left', 'u/nwordcountbot u/TheHelicopterHero')
('Left', "Maybe it's the environment of this sub. On the rest of reddit there's a feeling of hostility when when two people seem to disagree here. I disagree politically with my right-wing peers here on this sub, but ya'll seem cool and level headed.\n\nPlease never let this sub lose its way.")
('Authoritarian Right', "That's why we come here. If r/AgainstHateSubreddits bans this sub it'd be sitewide chaos.")
('Libertarian Right', 'r/unexpectedtf2')
('Centrist', 'Based and confusion pilled')
('Libertarian Left', "Compared to America? This Is literally nothing, but that's a different conversation. IMO just don't have all 3 and don't try to drive Impaired. \n\nHonestly now that I think about It, sounds fair.")
('Libertarian Left', 'Democracy lol cringe')
('Centrist', 'I *THINK* I’m good?')
('Right', 'inshallah 👆🏽')
('Libertarian Left', 'neolibs are cumming themselves')
('Left', 'Yet I still got left')
('Libertarian Left', 'Yeah yeah I’m not flaired* and a retard blah blah but HIGH low-effort post, OP! 👏🏻')
('Left', "16 and 17 year olds aren't legal adults and don't have the same rights. Also they are most likely being claimed on the taxes of their parents so their parents vote represents them.")
('Left', 'This is the content I come for')
('Libertarian Left', "Honestly like fair enough, the establishment pulled together and made it so we couldn't recover from super Tuesday. Like, it's a dick move but you do what you can.\n\nMy issue is of all the candidates in stage they picked biden the only one worse was Bloomberg.")
('Libertarian Left', 'Fuck people like that tbh, although this is hilarious')
('Authoritarian Left', '# NAZBOL CARLESON\n\n# NAZBOL CARLESON')
('Authoritarian Left', 'When AuthLeft said we needed a Revolution, THIS IS NOT WHAT WE HAD IN MIND')
('Right', 'At this point it’s safe to assume any longtime politician has classified documents in their residence.')
('Libertarian Right', 'you can have universal healthcare in a capitalist system, many countries do it (and not the shit sanders proposed but something like germany or switzerland have)\n\nno need to fuck up the economy to help cancer victims')
('Centrist', 'What is funny is that a lot of people online still are more retarded than us, let us appreciate that, a meme community taught me the bare minimum. I love pcm, I hope r/ahs doesn’t oof it.')
('Left', "False, I'm not a heretic")
('Left', 'Chinese males coping and seething rn.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Ah yeah it’s wood-chopping/gamer word time')
('Libertarian Left', "Wow this thread is just all righties\n\nI'm scared I don't like being the minority on subteddits")
('Right', 'Someone bot me please. I don’t think I’ve ever used the cursed word.')
('Centrist', "That's literally me")
('Libertarian Right', "I've lived in the south my whole life, and been around a lot of small towns. Towns so small that when you tell someone another town for a reference, the people living in THAT town have never heard of it. \n\nI have NEVER seen a swastika anywhere or any popular KKK emblems. Plenty of rebel flags but zero swastikas.")
('Centrist', 'Userleanbots is neat')
('Authoritarian Right', "Why feel the Biden when you can pull the trump card? Let's teach them a lesson.")
('Authoritarian Right', 'I wonder what my stats are, I’m pretty sure I’ve been clean on here, just don’t search my discord please')
('Libertarian Right', "upvote the xpost [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/MurderedByWords/comments/fo6r29/based_lib_right/) pls (not mine), want to see what happens if it gets to /r/MurderedByWords 's hot.")
('Right', 'Where Muscle Mommy Macaroni Grill?')
('Authoritarian Left', 'In the glorious DPRK, Grilling is required by the state! Please come and visit once and a while! ***im starting to feel lonely please :(***')
('Libertarian Right', "Aight let's go иוggа\n\nu/nwordcountbot u/avendonn")
('Authoritarian Right', 'Liblefts back at it with the non biased memes 😎')
('Authoritarian Left', 'I…actually don’t *disagree with any points on any of these quadrants. He was a pig shit-eating b-list entertainer and boy did his follow through during his presidency show it.')
('Right', 'I want to inform whoever said this that only the privileged got to become mummy’s.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Now this is a quality PCM')
('Left', 'u/nwordcountbot u/dust_bunny_cereal')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Lmao op, you just triggered all the auths on here')
('Libertarian Left', 'The parallel of the anti-Biden propaganda between the Bernie subreddits and the conservative subreddits has reached comical levels, this meme is so true it hurts. It’s quite unfortunate the left always sees themselves as voting for the lesser of two evils and the right sees themselves as voting for a hero. The right couldn’t have asked for anything better, the left wants to fracture and create a new progressive party, the progressives want to spite Biden and are willing to accept any lie or misrepresentation of facts they come across to justify it, any reason to say I told you so. The Bust movement has a strong online presence I certainly hope it’s just a vocal minority..')
('Authoritarian Left', "I think I've been converted")
('Libertarian Right', "I mean sure he's probably a prick but I just don't believe any of this. Unless I can get some direct quotes this whole post reeks of shitty propaganda to me. Please stop forcing me to give the benefit of the doubt to politicians.")
('Left', 'Even if the BBC produced bad journalism, the state of Indian media is absolutely dogshit (most of them function as de-facto mouthpieces for the ruling government) so the BBC being penalised for what every other Indian media outlet is doing is BS. Plus, outright blocking criticism of your administration, even if it’s exaggerated, is way too authoritarian for someone who is already accused of undermining democratic institutions in India.')
('Centrist', '🥱')
('Libertarian Left', 'This post is BASED AS FUCK')
('Centrist', '[Righties running to the comments section to play down or excuse the remarks](https://media.tenor.com/2dx4ucIqzNcAAAAM/running-patrick-star.gif)')
('Libertarian Left', 'I mean, I’m very big on this platform while being a greenie. Felons, non-citizens, teenagers, etc—if they get taxed, they should vote, or if they can’t vote, they shouldn’t get taxed. Why is it so hard to remember this simple, rhyming statement?')
('Centrist', "Ethnic jokes might be uncouth, but you laugh because they're based on truth")
('Authoritarian Right', 'Most republicans in the US are aut but self-proclaimed libs')
('Authoritarian Left', 'You serve the Based Union.')
('Centrist', 'Wow. Been really liking the story going on with the aborted gf meme.')
('Right', "Only about half of the right even likes Pence. I don't, so I say lock him up too.")
('Right', 'The only correct political opinion about Deus Ex is "the GEP gun".')
('Centrist', 'That aborted gf and its consequences have been a disaster for the PCM race..')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Lib left is Biden auth left is Bernie')
('Right', 'This is 1000% a ploy for some Super Bowl ad where they bring them back. \n\nStop talking about this dumb crap, it only spreads it further')
('Libertarian Left', 'Word.')
('Libertarian Right', "It always says I'm a libleft bruh")
('Libertarian Right', 'Technically speaking, volunteerism as political ideology is part of LibRight sector\n\nhttps://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Voluntaryism')
('Libertarian Right', 'Unfortunately, Wikipedia editors are completely biased nowadays')
('Authoritarian Left', "There's a way they probably could have done this well, but man is this not it")
('Right', 'Everyone is afraid of arachno-communists')
('Authoritarian Right', 'I want to award you but I’m to poor so here’s a thumbs up 👍')
('Libertarian Left', 'This is the only non-right wing sub I’ve seen that has people randomly saying the hard-R, getting upvoted and not banned at all. This sub is definitely very libertarian, despite all the Authlefts and Authrights.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Authright be like: human rights are a PRIVILEGE. Not actually a right.')
('Centrist', 'I knew people when I was 16-18 that couldn’t tell me who the Vice President was (Obama era) lol')
('Right', "Most Republicans I know including me doesn't want to ban gay marriage, wants weed to be legal and only wants abortions to have regulations.")
('Libertarian Left', 'Once a month tucker makes a good point and I hate it')
('Right', 'Making my family food is libleft now? Let em starve.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Anybody who votes to win is just exacerbating the problem, and has some childish pride in voting for the "winning team."')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Gotta be some triggered rightie making up those characters or that has to be a joke or something.\n\nEdit: It... it seems to be real...\n\n>a lot of the names are about teens fighting against labels that are put on them.  \n>  \n>Snowflake is non-binary and goes by they/them')
('Right', 'California conditioned me to not care about weed as much, but you wouldn\'t see me complaining about this. \n\nReally think the club one is weird though. \n\nNow before all the "fake lib" comments, why do you think I\'m flaired as right? I get to choose when I want to be a hypocrite, not you.')
('Libertarian Right', 'I am personally a fan of the political 6 triangles test, I think it does a pretty good job for what it sets out to accomplish.')
('Right', 'Political Compass is 16? *Purple libright has left the chat*')
('Libertarian Left', 'What the fuck is going on at Fox News?')
('Libertarian Left', 'Jimmy Fallon sucks but I will kill for some tonight dough')
('Libertarian Left', '☠️')
('Authoritarian Right', '*Silence, Brand*')
('Libertarian Right', 'I think they’re just trying to stay relevant since the Cold War ended. \n\nNuclear war isn’t profitable. It decimates and contaminates everything. Can’t use the farmland/mines if they’re radioactive. The only reason russia would use one is if they were at risk of invasion of Moscow and total loss of the government. The Ukrainians don’t have nukes, and I don’t see the parties that do using one on their behalf when their country isn’t also at war.')
('Right', "I started reading, then stopped because who cares. It's M&Ms")
('Right', "For the record, I completely disavow. This was fucking shit-show boys. An absolute embarrassment and I'm disgusted and ashamed.")
('Right', "I'm not going to be a hypocrite on this: investigate both.\n\nIf they did anything illegal then prosecute.")
('Centrist', 'fucking based battle bishop')
('Left', 'Hottest take from a lib left: any sub that violates TOS should be banned. Reddit is a private platform and can ban whoever the hell they want. Don’t wanna get banned? Moderate your shit.\n\nThat goes for you, T_D, and also goes for you, CTH. Advocate for violence, you’re outta here.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Lower taxes would be nice tho')
('Libertarian Right', 'very happy to say to all of you, fuck all you retards')
('Authoritarian Left', 'When will it be our turn ?')
('Libertarian Left', "We've broken a barrier, where they've gone to seconds.\n\nIn 50 years, they'll be measuring it in miliseconds.")
('Centrist', 'He is the BASED one! Hail Him!')
('Right', 'I think that those types of republicans are better described as boomers than magahats')
('Libertarian Left', 'Is.....Is  Tucker Carlson Nazbol gang?')
('Libertarian Left', 'Emm...now that I think about it, he said yes so..')
('Right', '100% that illegal mining is from Venezuela lmao')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Everyone saying “I agree with this” is under 18')
('Libertarian Right', 'Whenever that crying MAGA meme comes up the context is always stupid. Shit meme OP.')
('Libertarian Left', 'The music took me the fuck out 😂')
('Libertarian Left', "It's simple facts that the rule of law protects criminals alot of the time. It makes one wonder what exactly is gonna happen to criminals in more libertarian societies.")
('Libertarian Left', "I'm on board with this")
('Authoritarian Right', "I've been software banned 3 times for calling people niggers")
('Right', 'Based and Football players with funny names-pilled')
('Right', '2019-anybody but trump\n2020:anybody but dementia man')
('Left', 'I love the little hammer and sickle in the eyes, nice touch.')
('Left', 'u/PiqueMonger u/nwordcountbot')
('Libertarian Right', 'u/nwordcountbot u/Beep_Beep_Lettuce24')
('Libertarian Right', 'Whoever is responsible for the "Alien Compass" is a genius. As fucking random as hilarious. May the Glorkpire triumph!')
('Authoritarian Right', "Wow sisters, I wonder what would've happened if Hitler was a capricorn or a cancer 🙈😜")
('Libertarian Left', 'kek')
('Authoritarian Right', 'My account is almost 8 years old :)')
('Libertarian Left', 'Yep')
('Libertarian Right', 'HE JUST WANTS TO GRILL FOR GODSAKE')
('Authoritarian Right', 'u/nwordcountbot u/Nong_Eye_Gong')
('Authoritarian Left', 'U/nwordbot')
('Left', 'Ice pick man gang where you at')
('Authoritarian Right', "[There's already fan art being made](https://i.redd.it/39nblgroavn41.png)")
('Libertarian Left', 'Empty the grease tray')
('Libertarian Left', 'How will I numb myself in this cursed capitalist dystopia without alcohol?')
('Left', 'Based. \n\nOP is a god for this work. A new meme format is born.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Fox news at 100% strength: everyone at Fox News  \nFox news at 99% strength: just tucker')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Implying I care\n\nThe higher the count, the higher the epicness')
('Libertarian Left', 'What score is centrist just 0,0 ?')
('Libertarian Right', '“A fascist is just an honest socialist.”')
('Left', 'u/nwordcountbot u/A1burrit0')
('Libertarian Right', 'Give us our flag back, NeoCons.')
('Libertarian Right', 'u/nwordcountbot u/siryolk')
('Libertarian Right', 'Rage against the machine is more like Rage Alongside the Machine at this point.')
('Libertarian Right', 'What even is this post, OP, do you speak english?')
('Authoritarian Right', 'And then for no reason at all...')
('Libertarian Right', 'If ur 18 and jobless or libright so u dont pay tax, are u allowed to vote?')
('Right', 'Is there a name for acting Lib-Left because of Lib-Right reasons?')
('Libertarian Left', "Being proud of the place you're born is dumb; I've never understood it.")
('Centrist', 'When you try to create a false flag but only have left wing shirts.')
('Centrist', 'Quality shitposting.')
('Libertarian Left', 'I liked this so much i gave you an award from my degenerate account.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Oh shit oh fuck')
('Libertarian Right', 'Wow a sane left winger!')
('Authoritarian Left', 'That’s how it is in Canada')
('Left', 'That 1200 is going straight to a Waifu Pillow of MechaBernie for me.\n\n2032 is our year! 🌈🌈🌈')
('Centrist', 'I understand the suspension of the driving license if caught using drugs while driving, but the rest comes out of nowhere.')
('Authoritarian Right', "> retards that think they are political experts\n\nOn the other hand, didn't everyone pretty much hate poly-sci majors. Still bugs me they get to use the word science in their name.")
('Libertarian Left', 'What were they thinking?')
('Right', 'The establishment clause and separation of church and state are some of the most misunderstood concepts in American history.\n\nAll the first amendment says is that the government will not create a state religion nor will it infringe upon the free expression thereof.  \n\nThe term “separation of Church and State” comes from a letter Thomas Jefferson wrote to the Danbury Baptist Association.  \n\n> Believing with you that religion is a matter which lies solely between Man & his God, that he owes account to none other for his faith or his worship, that the legitimate powers of government reach actions only, & not opinions, I contemplate with sovereign reverence that act of the whole American people which declared that their legislature should "make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof," thus building a wall of separation between Church & State. Adhering to this expression of the supreme will of the nation in behalf of the rights of conscience, I shall see with sincere satisfaction the progress of those sentiments which tend to restore to man all his natural rights, convinced he has no natural right in opposition to his social duties."\n\nJefferson isn’t saying that religion has nothing to do with politics, or that the US is a secular nation.  He’s saying a metaphorical wall should be built to protect religion from government overreach.  It can be conversely argued that the wall can protect the government from religious zealotry.  \n\nNone of this says that the US wasn’t founded on Judeo-Christian values.')
('Right', 'There is no way that is real.')
('Libertarian Right', "So it's not ok when the feds do it, but it is ok when Ukrainians do?")
('Right', 'Facts')
('Authoritarian Right', 'It has been two days of this trend, and I hate it already.')
('Libertarian Left', 'I\'ve seen someone literally say "yeah im a nazi lol" and get upvoted')
('Libertarian Left', 'Finally the not so free marketplace of ideas delivers')
('Authoritarian Left', 'u/nwordcountbot u/SELLINGMM2')
('Authoritarian Right', 'I love cats. I have three. One is on my lap right now.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Good.')
('Libertarian Left', "Implying that evidence of genocide means there'll be a trial?")
('Libertarian Right', "I don't think libleft would say fuck off marvel")
('Centrist', '“C’mon John, you had 1 job! Just hold the flag up so we can make Republicans look bad. But you, you idiot! Not only did you not hold up the flag like the rest of us, but you even wore a sweatshirt with Malcolm X in rainbow color?!! How stupid can you be?! You’re done John, you’re not going to be part of operations like this anymore.” - Conversation that happened after people noticed this post.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'This is what I thought in 2016 then I eventually realized Trump was actually right about a lot of our problems and Bernie is a quivering pussy who can’t defend the mic at his own speeches, let alone defend the country against our enemies.')
('Centrist', 'Good work OP\n\nAt least.. for a Jarlik that is')
('Libertarian Right', 'You beautiful motherfucker!!')
('Centrist', "I don't mind grilling meat for everyone if it means I get to grill meat.")
('Libertarian Right', 'I got perma banned from r/wholesomememes because of this meme :(')
('Authoritarian Right', 'u/nwordcountbot u/MrGamerMooseBTW')
('Left', 'I have watched this dozens of times, Beautiful.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Middle East Middle East never changes')
('Centrist', 'Just imagine freaking Pence basically told Trump and his supporters to fuck off. Was nice knowing you, USA')
('Libertarian Right', 'And of course they look like they do ...')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Less censorship \n\nUnless Jesus Censorship')
('Right', 'Lol, Middle East AND Russia on top.  Polish go on bottom too, somewhat surprisingly.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'hmm yes referring to mummified people as mummies is now offensive')
('Centrist', 'Good god, I hate culture war. Just let me fuck the m&ms in peace.')
('Libertarian Right', 'I *love* this subreddit')
('Left', 'Russians are white lol')
('Right', 'Source: https://www.npr.org/2023/01/18/1149556481/haiti-last-elected-official-political-crisis\n\nhttps://archive.is/haI67')
('Left', 'I just saw this same meme on instagram but with purple libright')
('Libertarian Right', 'everyone storming the capitol is megabased.')
('Libertarian Left', "Okay this doesn't explain Indian people though, Senthil has like five STEM degrees living lavish and I'm sitting here being 100% mayo and I could even finish my associates in office administration lol")
('Left', 'AuthRight – Taking over the Capitol\n\nAuthLeft – Taking over das Kapital')
('Libertarian Right', "Where's Hingle McCringleberry")
('Centrist', 'I thought this was another star-studded movie with a bad script and plot when my significant other wanted to watch it. Ended up being really entertained and enjoyed it a lot, would recommend.')
('Libertarian Right', 'r/GoldandBlack would’ve been a better fit for my quadrant')
('Libertarian Right', 'Socialism always looks great in the beginning, then a giant spider comes and kills you and everything you hold dear.')
('Authoritarian Left', 'What country is this?')
('Centrist', 'except when paid mods are thrown into the equasion.')
('Libertarian Right', 'pls give heads as flairs gay ass mods')
('Left', 'So felons and non-citizens working in the country should also not pay taxes.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Bustin’ Bustin’ Bustin’ Bustin’ Bustin’ makes me feel go000ood!!!! Coomer.png')
('Libertarian Right', 'You forgot “follow the science” and possibly “alcohol disproportionally affects women and minorities”.')
('Libertarian Left', 'God, I hate nationalists so much.')
('Libertarian Right', 'I recognise Vsauce')
('Libertarian Left', 'im just here for the based shitposting')
('Centrist', 'The same false flag was used at the trucker convoy protest.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Gotta agree.')
('Authoritarian Left', 'I have a feeling most people who call themselves libertarians wouldn’t agree with this.')
('Libertarian Right', 'can two consenting human adults marry each other?\n\n\n\n50 points to the left')
('Centrist', "I'm more surprised than I expected about how mad this post has made the usual suspects.")
('Authoritarian Left', 'Holy shit, absolutely BASED Comrade Carlson strikes again')
('Centrist', "I agree with this meme, and agree with OPs position.\n\nBut it is also my personal belief that America's rise to power (and the British before that, and the French before that, and the Spanish before that) is, in no small part, due to their people's Christian faith. That divine blessing allowed their empires to grow as large and as long as they did.")
('Libertarian Right', 'Lib-left wins bc this is gay af')
('Libertarian Right', 'To be fair M&Ms started it')
('Left', 'I actually agree with this, despite being almost on the opposite side of the ideological spectrum')
('Libertarian Right', 'Hi')
('Libertarian Right', 'I agree with rightcenter.')
('Libertarian Left', "This can't be real.\n\nThis *has* to be a troll move to gain publicity from the controversy.")
('Libertarian Right', 'Not even his voters know what he stands for')
('Centrist', 'u/nwordcountbot  u/Snugboo')
('Centrist', 'You forgot “I just want to grill')
('Libertarian Left', 'Representation in the House and Senate based on state GDP, not population. Congressional distribution spread across counties similarly. \n\nEmbrace the oligarchy.')
('Left', 'u/nwordcountbot u/SmolDoggo43')
('Centrist', 'It seems that too many people in british museums get called that.')
('Centrist', 'Very good movie, highly recommend.')
('Right', 'This is a lie.\n\n(SHUT IT DOWN! THEY KNOW!)')
('Right', '"Only remaining elected officials depart."\n\nHow much is the President of Haiti\'s paycheck, because if they need a president, I\'d be happy to volunteer.')
('Authoritarian Left', 'u/nwordcountbot')
('Authoritarian Left', 'No')
('Libertarian Right', 'Russia: \\*destroys nukes*\n\nUS: \\*destroys nukes*\n\nEvery other enemy of the US: “Oh yeah, it’s all coming together”')
('Libertarian Left', '.')
('Authoritarian Left', "Now hear me out here... Why not all of them, or at least catgirl Tim Horton's at the very least.")
('Libertarian Left', 'I can get behind it.')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Can someone list all of their names to a newcomer?')
('Right', 'Guys do not look up what French "Intelectuals" made a pettition about in 1977')
('Libertarian Left', 'I just switched over when I learned what corporatism is.')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Damn its like displaying and doing all kinds of research on them is less disrespectful')
('Centrist', 'But why the differential between types of left and right?')
('Libertarian Right', 'Volunteer firefighters are trash')
('Centrist', 'Can we say Nigger here?')
('Libertarian Right', 'u/nwordcountbot u/Dylon_Taubert')
('Libertarian Right', 'liblefts can’t meme')
('Right', 'Oh no')
('Libertarian Left', 'As a 17 year old I agree 100%')
('Libertarian Left', 'Just realized that HP and PC colors are the same')
('Centrist', "Treaty rights. It's pretty much untouchable by the non natives because of that 🤷🏻\u200d♂️")
('Right', 'Who is the Authright guy?')
('Libertarian Right', 'Based god')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Holy fuck **YES**')
('Centrist', 'We are ACTUALLY political geniuses that think we are retards.')
('Libertarian Left', 'I would certainly shave my head, grow an ungroomed beard, put on glasses and open my mounth far and wide if prohibition was enacted today.')
('Authoritarian Right', "Nope. That's tiger money right there though.")
('Libertarian Right', 'Wait it’s all AuthRight?')
('Left', 'yep')
('Libertarian Left', "Shouldnt librights support this? Private company's will do what it needs to provide more revenue.. Imagine the state telling us what and whatnot to censor on your own private platform...")
('Left', "Reagan is heartless bastard and I hope he has a punishment like Jacob Marley from 'A Christmas Carol' being forced to watch people suffer, knowing you could have helped and not being able to")
('Libertarian Left', 'POGCHAD\n\nPOGCHAD')
('Centrist', 'Take off that monkey mask')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Wait, it’s all centrists?')
('Left', 'Has anyone listened to RATM recently and noticed the lyrics still apply but things are reversed now?')
('Libertarian Left', '/r/accidentallyCommunist')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Figured this was posted by libleft')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Well congrats on the 2nd highest rated post of all time. Damn.')
('Libertarian Right', 'If I don’t vote can I have all my money back?')
('Authoritarian Right', 'I just cant stop looking at it. Its so majestic!')
('Libertarian Right', '[SCP-1006](http://www.scp-wiki.net/scp-1006)')
('Centrist', 'Something something horseshoe theory')
('Libertarian Left', 'guess I gotta change my flair to red')
('Left', 'Wtf I love Tucker now')
('Libertarian Left', 'Yeah for sure. Looking at these comments is this anti-centrist unity?')
('Libertarian Right', "It's like a parody of itself")
('Right', 'God damn it why did it have to be wales who did the cringe thing?!\n\nWe are normally the quiet ones in the union who don’t do stupid shit')
('Authoritarian Left', 'I like Ireland and am proud of my heritage of fucking with the British')
('Centrist', "There's no free speech in a privately owned platform. Get fucked righties for tos violations.")
('Libertarian Left', 'I think it already is that way. When I I recently was 16 and 17, I was paid so little that the taxes came out to only $20 a year, and I got most of it back through tax returns')
('Right', 'This is a masterpiece. Now please go outside.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'I have never. You can test.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Holy shit I never realized how Bethesda is Peak lib right.')
('Left', 'Please take your anti-psychotics & a shower plz')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Why THE FUCK would they do this?')
('Libertarian Right', 'u/SaveVideo')
('Libertarian Left', 'the result will be funny no matter what')
('Left', "I mean with billions in revenue from multiple individual movies alone, I think Marvel officially doesn't give a fuck anymore when it comes to comics.")
('Libertarian Right', 'Not mommy green 😭🙏')
('Libertarian Right', "Authright doesn't even support capitalism. They're more like Catholic Commies.")
('Left', 'Asd')
('Libertarian Left', 'hi')
('Libertarian Right', 'Give me ANCAPISTAN or give me death 🗿🇯🇵')
('Right', 'You could literally just quote anything from his shitty book and it would go with the soyjak face')
('Authoritarian Right', "I mean, it is pretty common here to dedicate huge purchases like cars ND houses, so I guess it isn't necessarily too weird.")
('Left', "By extension doesn't that mean those who pay more taxes should get more representation?")
('Centrist', 'It would actually be harder to put the sword into the rock.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Got my ass')
('Libertarian Left', "left-libs don't believe in freedom of speech and if you disagree you're not a left-lib")
('Libertarian Left', "I couldn't care less.")
('Libertarian Left', 'Lol why is he saying this, he is in the 1%.')
('Libertarian Left', 'There is Anarcho Communist Catalonia and also Ukrainian Black army that almost captured Berlin for anarcho communists')
('Right', 'This is def the lead up to some Super Bowl commercial.')
('Libertarian Left', 'yeah like it sucks they get yoten but the aftermath is really funny')
('Libertarian Right', "Of course, they also support freedom of speech, freedom of religion, and freedom of association. I thought the point of PoliticalCompassMemes was to recognize that beliefs aren't all monolithic and easily categorized.")
('Libertarian Right', 'Goths are lib though')
('Libertarian Right', 'I mean... yeah, right ?\n\nI mean, right ?')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Ha! Cowards')
('Right', 'If an aborted BF and an aborted GF have a child together, will that child automatically be aborted as well? Or would it be like a recessive gene type situation?')
('Left', 'I’m clean heck honkers')
('Libertarian Right', 'Spooky scary skeleton.')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Lick the boot, l*b.\n\n\n\nLib: Ok.')
('Left', 'song?')
('Centrist', 'NGL, Tomboy Outback sounds like Heaven.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Kinda right though')
('Right', 'Bruh')
('Libertarian Right', 'Canada isn’t much better, our conservatives love giving giant tax payer funded subsidies to big oil companies, they give raises to members of parliament, and they increase military funding, and then they go on to talk about how they are for a smaller government 🙄 at least the liberals tell us right to our face that they are going to fuck us')
('Libertarian Left', "You can be racist and sexist in reddit as long as they are white and male, it's that easy")
('Left', 'Nooo')
('Left', "Intelligence agencies asking twitter to pwetty pwease enforce its TOS in ways that they've stated they're doing publicly from the very beginning.\n\nYeah, that is nothing.\n\nY'all are desperate to believe that leftists love the FBI or whatever, and it's just plain silly. We know they're evil. This isn't why.")
('Centrist', "I feel like if they stealthily made those changes to the candy mascots, nobody would have cared. \n\nBut we're in outrage culture and need to complain about the insignificant stuff before real issues pop up.")
('Libertarian Right', 'Libright ftw bitches')
('Authoritarian Right', 'I made it a whole 25 days 😎😎😎')
('Authoritarian Left', "For the last time, I ain't a fucking Trot! That being said, you are very talented")
('Authoritarian Right', "Good to know I'm Hitlers right nipple")
('Authoritarian Right', 'Nigger.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Imagine not getting rawdogged by the state libs these days smh my head')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Yes we are retards. Yes we are armchair political analysts. But by god is this the only place on reddit I can talk to a commie and it does not turn into an insult match. Gained more respect for other ideologies after using this sub.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Reagan economic policy good')
('Authoritarian Right', 'WHAT MOD MARKED THIS NSFW\n\nEXPLAIN YOURSELF, COWARD\n\nEdit: weird, I could unmark it')
('Libertarian Right', "Isn't the word snowflake a right wing term used to mock leftist?")
('Left', "What's the song at the end?")
('Centrist', 'Remember when Republicans were saying if their candidate lost, they wouldn’t be rioting and causing chaos? How the turntables')
('Centrist', '*sweats in gay*')
('Libertarian Right', 'I tried to open the image and my phone crashed')
('Left', 'I hate the U.S college education systems in particular of course universitys. A fucking sham.')
('Centrist', 'Some words are so over-used that they tend to lose their meaning.  Please understand that when I say that any person who believes that reddit mods and volunteer firefighters belong in the same category is delusional.  And I mean delusional in the classic, clinical sense.  I cannot even imagine how your mind included them.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Nobody should be taxed')
('Left', 'Amazing')
('Authoritarian Right', 'I’ve never actually had Ben & Jerry’s before. I was asking my friends about their opinion on whether it justifies the $5.49 price. I was kind of intimidated from buying it because it had a laughing Jimmy Fallon on the front.')
('Left', "Fuck it, I don't think I've said it")
('Authoritarian Right', "Androgynous M&M's make them not unique")
('Right', 'Have you SEEN the quality of Wikipedia nowadays? How they agree on what counts as a "reputable source"? Hell the article on the January 6th unscheduled capitol visit is *bigger than the one on the Holocaust* that is how deranged they are.')
('Left', 'Auth Left promotes it for being anti - Facist')
('Centrist', 'Independent India: Broke\n\nBritish India: Woke\n\nAmerican India: Bespoke')
('Right', 'More like a high score to beat')
('Libertarian Right', 'I feel indifferent about my nationality tbh')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Who gives a shit?')
('Authoritarian Left', "This is the weirdest political compass I've ever seen")
('Right', 'At least it was against the corrupt government and not small businessmen in this one. Libleft has the precision of storm troopers when it comes to harming those who caused the problems that they are protesting.')
('Libertarian Left', 'I just want people to make fun of the fucking larper with the viking tattoos and a HORNED helmet. I can hear the "I\'m 1/18 Scandinavian" and shitty life motivational quotes from here.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Brazilians been waiting for this since 1964')
('Left', 'totally agree')
('Libertarian Right', 'This is the worst thing happening this year.')
('Libertarian Left', 'safe space and snowflake are quite literally some of the shittiest hero designs ever. They look like fucking smartphones\n\nfucking My Hero Academia has better heroes and powers than this, and those are actually pretty well thought out with sensible drawbacks and weaknesses.')
('Left', 'Im actually somewhat of an expert on this particular issue. You see, by chance of my birth, i have always had access to the highest quality dairy products. My hometown had a local tourist spot that was just a place to buy milk. But it was no ordinary milk, it was world renowned milk. And naturally that translated into world renowned ice cream. 2 scoops of that ice cream and you were in a 6 hour food coma GAUREN-FUCKING-TEED or your money back. Big chain stores get on their knees and suck dick just to get a chance at a phone call with the owners of the dairy store and possibly secure a single shipment for them to sell. \n\nBut like all kids, eventually it was time for me to make my own way, so i set off to college, leaving a tear behind for the drop in dairy quality I anticipated.\n\nCome to find out my university was founded for agriculture and, within campus limits, sold non-fda approved dairy. Librights, hear me now: the fda does NOT want you to know just how good ice cream can be. When you go past the theoretical fda limits on fat content, well lets just say there was no downgrade in dairy quality in my life. That 6 hour food coma turned to an 8 hour food coma. I could barely make the walk back to my dorm before the nap kicked in. \n\nSo yes, im a dairy expert. I could never consume peasant dairy available at normal stores. Fighting over store ice cream is what the ruling class wants. They want you to think thats what ice cream is, and they dont want you to know what ice cream can be.')
('Libertarian Right', '"Oh! I\'m shaking In my custom baby seal leather boots!"\n\n\\-Megamind')
('Libertarian Left', 'Bruh')
('Libertarian Right', 'Sure, if you like when a corporate board claims to support Occupy Wall Street while at the same time moving all the high paying jobs to Switzerland in order to pay zero taxes to the US like B&J did in 2011.\n\nBut hey, they are for the <current year> distraction, why would LibLeft care about corporations dodging taxes?')
('Authoritarian Right', 'How exactly did auth right become the tomboy quadrant??')
('Left', "That's an unironically good point.")
('Libertarian Left', '"small government " is an american idiom for "no taxes"')
('Libertarian Left', "Just got here. Can y'all explain this pls? Why do these niggas love saying nigga so much?")
('Libertarian Right', 'Shoutout to the middle east')
('Left', "There's a difference between patriotism, nationalism, and jingoism. But because I love my country and want to see it improve I am a nationalist that wants to kill black people")
('Right', "Its obvious that they are just trying to pander to certain groups. Its not working at all. Even if I don't agree with some of the groups I feel sorry that they are being used like this.")
('Centrist', 'Who thought it was going to be Skyrim after it went white?')
('Centrist', 'They are represented by their parents. Their parents claim them as a dependant...')
('Centrist', " Ph'nglui mglw'nafh **Centrist** R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn")
('Centrist', 'well, you see, skill issue')
('Centrist', 'H')
('Libertarian Left', 'Malcolm In The Middle is known for its love of flags with powerful icons')
('Libertarian Left', 'Libright always comes in quick to deliver some high quality remixing')
('Libertarian Left', "My high school had a finacial math class.....\n\nIt was mostly just watching Dave Ramsey and learning about loans and how to write checks. I personally don't remember anything else and I know a lot of students in my class didn't bother paying attention and was asleep for the most part.\n\nThis was Louisiana")
('Left', 'If you call Hitler "center" you are a fucking nazi.')
('Right', 'Based watermelon?')
('Libertarian Right', 'https://www.forbes.com/sites/joewalsh/2021/10/29/lincoln-project-says-it-planted-white-supremacist-impersonators-at-event-for-virginia-republican-candidate/')
('Libertarian Right', "He very well may be a crazy person, but this also seems like facebook-tier liberal boomer bait. Banning abortion in the case of rape or incest seems to me more like closing a loophole, and if you truly believe that abortion is murder, it's at least consistent. Not saying I agree, but I get it.\n\nI couldn't find any mention of the statements claimed, if someone actually has a link, great.")
('Right', 'cant fool me stalin')
('Authoritarian Right', "Now this is a Spiderman Movie I'd actually watch")
('Right', 'Shclemiez are based')
('Authoritarian Right', 'bitch was no AuthRight trad wife, she was just a LibLeft thot')
('Right', 'I respect that guy for his determination to keep continuity')
('Libertarian Right', 'smh lets just secede again')
('Libertarian Right', 'What’s bizarre to me is how often the response to the Twitter Files is the word/phrase: “nothingburger.” I can’t think of one time I heard someone say that in real life but it’s constantly stated by leftists online. Almost as though they are actually NPCs…')
('Centrist', 'Whos lib left?')
('Libertarian Left', '10/10 meme')
('Centrist', 'As a centrist who just learned about this, I find this both hilarious and existential-dread-inducing')
('Libertarian Right', "Most people who call people fascists don't know fascist economic policy.")
('Libertarian Left', '"Damnit Tyler, the Antifa photo shoot is tomorrow!"')
('Left', "What's easier to get? a Malcolm X shirt or an SS Confederate Flag?")
('Libertarian Right', "Yet nobody cared that the caramel M&M's package was Red and Yellow committing murder and displaying their victim's entrails for all to see.")
('Libertarian Right', 'Can you send a wife back to high school after she has a doctorate? Asking for a friend.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'What ANZ stand for?')
('Authoritarian Right', "I will never complain about commercials, that's for boomeeeers!")
('Right', 'I’m pretty sure lib-left likes it')
('Left', 'I was told there was porn here, something about rule 34 political compass chan. Where is it')
('Libertarian Left', 'You either die an auth-right or live long enough to become a tankie.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Can someone tell me why? Cause I find them to be a humorously Karen hairstyled SJW no offense.')
('Centrist', "After getting a job I've never been so close to going lib center")
('Right', 'My god')
('Libertarian Right', "They're both giving to the community, tho.")
('Libertarian Right', 'That moment when half of this sub is younger than the actual test')
('Right', 'can confirm. am retard')
('Right', 'Honestly I think the first one was kind of just like a philosophical darkness but the second one yeah it became too meme-y.')
('Libertarian Right', "Cute, but based. The stimulus checks go out to tax payers who worked for their money, which the government took away. If you think about it, it's actually just a disguised tax refund.")
('Libertarian Right', "I mean, taxes aren't based, but since we're stuck with them, this is 100% based.")
('Right', '🤣')
('Right', '“Trump does nothing to tackle the major problems facing the middle class, and it happens to be, as Barack says, a three letter word—Jobs.  J O B S.” —Biden')
('Authoritarian Right', "Y'all know thia is coming out of next years income tax returns")
('Libertarian Left', 'Lmao good meme')
('Right', 'Pancakes are white supremacy')
('Libertarian Right', '*sniff sniff*')
('Left', 'Tucker Carlson is... Based?')
('Centrist', 'u/Title2ImageBot')
('Libertarian Left', 'isn’t this an onion article? damn everyone out here eating the onion')
('Libertarian Right', "TFW you won't get a stimulus because you don't pay taxes.")
('Left', 'W r o n g l o g o r e t a r d s')
('Centrist', "Now let's see if we can get AuthRight to be this devastated over the millions of real, living, non-aborted children starving on the streets because they were born into a family that could not afford to take care of them")
('Right', 'Is OP.... God?')
('Libertarian Left', 'I won’t talk to anyone with auth-right or centrist flairs.')
('Right', 'Wtf happened??')
('Libertarian Right', "I like this sub. I'm in.")
('Authoritarian Right', 'An authright framework has much leeway in terms of what is good for the economy and the state. The difference is that an authright framework believes that morality and economics should come out of what is good for the state rather than what is good for the people. \n\nIn this case, what is good for the people goes hand in hand with what is good for the state.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Definition of radical centrist.')
('Left', 'Prettt much how they seem all the time')
('Centrist', 'Genocide is purposeful not accidental or negligent.')
('Centrist', '"But mom, I wanna say the N word" - Authright probably')
('Libertarian Right', 'Being Floridian and libright, I thought this was hilarious.')
('Left', 'The Compass when AHS reports it once again')
('Libertarian Left', 'uwu bwased')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Based middle east')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Honestly, why the hell were high heels on a sentient piece of candy an issue in the first place? Gettin upset about sneakers on an M&M is silly, but complaining about a “sexualized” piece of candy is just flat-out stupid.\n\nNo one cared about how sexualized an M&M was aside from a couple crazies on Twitter… And maybe Linkara.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Based and grillpilled af')
('Libertarian Left', '“I was a capitalist at 14” ???')
('Left', 'oof')
('Left', "Yo, don't expose me like that!")
('Left', 'UwU you can seize *my* means of reproduction')
('Right', 'I was assured that trump was going to start WW3! And be irresponsible with the nuclear codes….as if the president just has a button like that they can push whenever they want.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'u/nwordcountbot u/hecker421')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Mods based?  Rare.')
('Libertarian Left', 'There are only 3 good Nazis. The guy in Nanjing, Shindler, and the guy who killed Hitler')
('Libertarian Left', 'Who is that and why should I care\n\nAlso I always hated these mascots, nice that they are gone')
('Libertarian Left', 'u/nwordcountbot u/cuntfruitcake93')
('Left', 'A Nazi.\n\nIs there a fucking echo in here?\n\nSeethe, reichtards.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Miss you Adolf.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Power attracts the corruptible.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Wait, are we all AuthRight, then?')
('Left', 'Bring on the downvotes, but ... \n\nITT: people misunderstanding what "taxation without representation" means.  \n\nEven if they\'re not allowed to vote yet, teenagers still have representation.  They\'re still constituents of their state\'s elected representatives.  Congressmen are supposed to represent the interests of *everyone* in their state/district, not just the ones who vote for them.  (Whether you think it always works out that way in practice is another question entirely.)   As a few people here have noted, DC residents are among the few who might actually be able to use the "no taxation without representation" rallying cry legitimately, because they have no voting representation in Congress.  They do get a few electoral votes, at least.\n\nNow, if you think teenagers should be able to vote, or shouldn\'t have to pay taxes, that\'s fine to argue, but it\'s a separate issue from "taxation without representation".')
('Libertarian Left', 'Can we add a little purple Epstein popping up out of the corner?')
('Left', 'Where is arachno - ... flair drawing')
('Libertarian Right', 'tears of joy ma dude tears of joy')
('Authoritarian Right', "Government officials have classified documents? What's next, doctors have private medical records? What a world we live in")
('Left', '*this kills the seal*')
('Right', 'How di i get a role?')
('Left', 'This must be the dumbest post here')
('Authoritarian Right', "Can't forget the aborted Dictator. He could be a good secondary antagonist along with evil aborted gf.")
('Libertarian Left', 'I live in a state with no income tax, so all we pay is FICA and then the safety net programs. When I was under 18 I was exempt from paying FICA, same was true while I was a student. \n\nIs this not true anymore?')
('Libertarian Left', 'why do I agree with him though?')
('Centrist', 'Why are you listening to a candy company for political commentary?')
('Libertarian Left', 'IVE GOT COUNTS ON IT BECAUSE OF THAT FUCKIN WATER SUBREDDIT AAAA')
('Left', '[Updated version lol](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/684880823257923597/717916497388765184/unknown.png)\n\nThank you woke capitalism.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Please explain... What???')
('Libertarian Right', 'Hail hail big griller, hail hail big griller!')
('Libertarian Right', 'Based and imperialism-did-nothing-wrong pilled')
('Libertarian Right', '#AYAYAYAYAY')
('Left', 'I love all of the diversity')
('Libertarian Left', 'And of course they’re black, not that im racist but in this context it was definitely not random...')
('Authoritarian Right', "You think the confederates were auth? Nah don't pin that on us")
('Centrist', 'ICE CREAM IS ICE CREAM')
('Libertarian Right', 'Pin it for life mods please')
('Libertarian Right', 'Is this an agenda post in favor of neo-feudalism, or how am I supposed to understand the graphic?')
('Left', "Well I'm a welder as well as a general metal worker.  So probably that but instead of somd rich assholes getting the fruits of my labor my community will.")
('Libertarian Left', 'Theyre all idiots, not surprised they dont even understand wtf they are fighting for.')
('Centrist', 'Every leftist meme needs a strawman')
('Right', 'What is that sweatshirt?')
('Libertarian Left', 'You get an upvote just for using White Army, Black Baron.')
('Centrist', 'Why hate on us centrists when LibLeft is right there')
('Libertarian Right', 'That shit was a whole ass emotional roller coaster ngl 🥵🔥')
('Right', 'the fucking thx sound at the end')
('Centrist', 'Bro this is a world building project not a political compass. Dope as hell tho.')
('Right', "In my opinion, there is nothing wrong with being a nationalist, it's just become a naughty word in recent years. Humans are tribal creatures, and we will always crave something of ourselves to rally behind and identify with, and to do so with your fellow countrymen as a whole is a much healthier alternative to things like race or political views.")
('Authoritarian Left', 'it still baffles me when trump supporters label themselves as a libertarian')
('Left', 'This should be federally mandated. The amount of financially illiterate people I know is crazy. Fucking financing ps5s')
('Left', 'Biden is AuthRight ,👏 Not Centrist 👏')
('Left', 'PCM vore?')
('Libertarian Right', 'u/qwertyhuio u/nwordcountbot')
('Centrist', 'Never used it but low key want to see what the bot says...')
('Right', 'Unironically based')
('Right', 'It was muskets argument is completely shit on by air rifles from the time, like the girandoni air rifle that lewis and Clark used. (It had a 20 round capacity)')
('Left', 'Based.')
('Authoritarian Left', "This is retarded. You're not getting taxed to only pay politicians. You're paying health workers, cops, firefighters...")
('Authoritarian Right', 'Honestly ive learned to accept that no right wing sub will last on this site . Ive come to peace with them being banned')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Peak reddit... [HateCrimeHoaxes banned for promoting hate.](https://i.imgur.com/WQJRClv.png)')
('Centrist', '"wrong logo retards"')
('Centrist', 'Makes sense because I grill for myself.')
('Libertarian Right', "Tfw it's perfect weather for making snowmen but you aborted the daughter you could have built them with...")
('Libertarian Left', 'BASED')
('Libertarian Left', 'I will upvote for Brazil.')
('Libertarian Left', 'If they’re vegan why do they have chickens')
('Libertarian Right', 'Why isn’t there anyone touching each other in libleft?')
('Libertarian Left', 'THEY KNOW WE’RE SPIDERS. ABORT ABORT')
('Right', 'Authleft has been playing that game all along.')
('Left', 'He was so close to figuring out why Republicans are so racist. He should just have switched the words left with Republicans and he would finally see it.\nBut American propaganda did wonders on his brain.')
('Left', 'This is just a meme with a political compass shopped on lmao')
('Left', '/mybasedcount')
('Left', 'How is florida bigger than texas? I know they all are, but this is such a puff piece')
('Libertarian Right', 'I would Press Hard no. Im proud of no one, not even myself .')
('Centrist', 'Is this the new windows boot screen?')
('Libertarian Right', 'These false flags are getting flagrant as fuck\n\n\nPretty sure we could grab a bunch of Nazi shit and go to a MAGA rally and we’d end up getting interviewed as representatives of the MAGA crowd, even though the rest of the crowd would look at us like we have a contagious disease.\n\nI wonder if we went to a DNC rally and wore a bunch of communist shit. Then again, we’d probably be the only ones there.')
('Centrist', '7 year olds pay sales tax. They should have the right to vote s/\n\nAt a certain point you just have to accept that we need a minimum age. 18 is reasonable and agreed upon.')
('Left', 'u/nwordcountbot u/spicywater420')
('Centrist', 'The zoom out confused me for a half second')
('Libertarian Right', 'u/polcompbot u/witchkizzle')
('Libertarian Right', 'ok but like  \nsecond worst  \njesus christ')
('Authoritarian Left', 'May I introduce you to the concept of the _reserve army of labour_')
('Libertarian Left', 'u/nwordcountbot u/yourveryowncat')
('Libertarian Right', "The ATF regulates whatever they please. The only thing Koresh did wrong was stat rape - blatanty not the ATF's jurisdiction, plainly not something you kill kids for. It's not even something you should kill the perp for.")
('Authoritarian Right', 'Weak willed scum deserve the bullet')
('Libertarian Left', "We have reached centrism that shouldn't be possible")
('Right', "I'm allergic to cats, and they all seem to know it and ignore other people to come up to me while I try to avoid them. Fuck 'em. Cute little sneezemakers")
('Libertarian Right', 'Replace right side with "Hahahaha", because this thing is just hilarious.\n\nCurious about their villians names. Facts? Logic? OrangeMan?')
('Libertarian Right', 'Yo what the fuck. I never thought about that.')
('Left', "Alright, pack it up. This sub has peaked. I'll see you all around. Peace and Punch a Nazi!")
('Libertarian Left', 'u/nwordcountbot u/japanesestudentharu')
('Libertarian Left', 'Malcolm X would be a Kanye fan if he was around today.')
('Centrist', 'hail the omni grill')
('Libertarian Left', "they're not wrong")
('Libertarian Left', "The kissing is unrealistic because that's not proper social distance.")
('Libertarian Left', 'What did I just watch')
('Centrist', "What do I do if I'm a radical centrist though?")
('Authoritarian Left', "I'm guessing you meant r/communism and not r/communist because the latter is tiny. The former is complete garbage, I got banned from it and r/communism101 without even posting or commenting on either, on the pretext that I commented here on r/politicalcompassmemes and r/greenparty, and am therefore not a marxist. Looking deeper into it, it seems to be that r/communism is just a shitty scheme to make people think communists are some kind of gatekeeping douchebags or something.")
('Authoritarian Right', 'The nazis loved arab muslim, they were allies')
('Libertarian Left', 'We live in a fake democracy anyway so nobody should have to pay taxes besides those few who control everything')
('Libertarian Right', "Wait. It's all Centrists?")
('Libertarian Right', 'Typical misunderstanding of libertarians.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Of retards who just wanna kick the can around about politics without a venomous online exchange, a middle school debate club argument with walls of texts, and creepy freaks stalking their posts to downvote harass them*')
('Libertarian Left', "My god...\n\n**It's beautiful.**")
('Left', "That's really not weird. Marholm X was for quite some time a racial separatist, and the Nation of Islam, an SPLC-Designated hate group that he was a proponent of for years, were also separatists who collaborated and relieved donations from the American Nazi party; so this is a picture of a racial seperatist wearing a hoodie of a proponent of racial separatism.\n\nAccusing them of being feds because of this is pretty weak. Feds don't fish around twitter with ops this bad. It just doesn't make sense for any real return because they'd be picking up surface level Nazis who pose no threat. Writing this off as false flag evidence for far right support of the Republican party is frankly ridiculous cope. I'm not saying that kind of thing doesn't happen, but this is probably not an example.")
('Libertarian Right', '....it would just create a new breed and class of criminals, just like it did the first time around, and repeated with the war on drugs..\n\nLegalize, regulate, and not tax it as much as create a fee that would see 100% of the money from it going to drug rehabilitation and information(making it a self-financed self-solving problem...)')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Challenge: Stop inventing atrocities for rightwing leaders and dilluting the importance of actual atrocities (IMPOSSIBLE)')
('Left', 'You retards make /politics look retarded by comparison.')
('Libertarian Right', '10/10 would buy')
('Libertarian Right', "Hmm, most trump supporters aren't AuthRight tho. Mostly LibRight, like me.")
('Left', 'This Guy is pretty based not gonna lie')
('Authoritarian Right', 'good meme')
('Libertarian Left', "Weirdly enough the one gf I've had was born on the same day but a year younger than me")
('Libertarian Left', 'Absolutely no one fucking wanted this.')
('Centrist', 'u/nwordcountbot u/billyjoe-was-a-waman')
('Libertarian Right', 'BASED AS FUCK')
('Right', "Shouldn't this be another Emily L? After all, I thought the MAGA guys were pissed at Pence.")
('Authoritarian Right', 'The only thing here that needs aborting is this meme')
('Libertarian Right', 'Most upvoted post on the sub')
('Authoritarian Left', 'redditors obsess over putin for the 983 octillionth time: the post.')
('Left', '> outside congress')
('Centrist', "Go outside, not just for you, but it'll make me feel better.")
('Libertarian Left', 'Someone help me tighten my mask before it slips')
('Authoritarian Right', '> Woman wearing a Prussian Hussar’s uniform\n\n> Prussian nobility (Protestant) going to Mass\n\nDoes not compute and historical anachronisms pilled.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Most taxation is without representation. The guy I voted for lost and the winner raised taxes. How am I represented?')
('Right', 'From the gayness of this I thought you were a libleft.\n\n\n\nJokes aside, brilliant work. Based af')
('Libertarian Left', 'I mean, the Catholic Church still exists and has more followers than all protestant ones combined, so it kinda proves the point.')
('Left', "I'm proud of my Nation's greatness and slow failure")
('Libertarian Right', 'Try it on me I dare you')
('Right', 'Just got my $3900. Going to buy a gun today. What should I get?')
('Centrist', 'this is amazing')
('Libertarian Right', 'I am confused. The time stamp says a 47 min but you said a few weeks later')
('Centrist', 'rage against the machine is limp bizkit for people who dropped out of college instead of high school')
('Libertarian Right', 'u/userleanbot u/chrrmin')
('Authoritarian Right', 'And you say libleft is the gay quadrant.')
('Libertarian Right', 'I’m selling N-word passes over here')
('Libertarian Right', 'This the reason we need to have x Leaning Centrist as an option because I just want to grill veggies burgers for everyone')
('Libertarian Right', 'Said the guys who looted all the mummy’s stuff.')
('Authoritarian Left', 'I have never heard something more based')
('Libertarian Right', 'Incorporation of the Bill of Rights was the biggest expansion of the federal government and everyone just went along with it, even though it means that the federal government can now stop you from promoting your faith in your schools that you pay for with your tax dollars. Furthermore, the idea of incorporating a provision that specifically says “Congress shall make no law…” only highlights the absurdity and unconstitutional nature of this. \n\nFurther compounding the absurdity is the text of the preamble to the Bill of Rights makes it clear that the States were worried about abuses of power by the Feds and ratified the Bill of Rights as restrictions on the federal government.\n\n“THE Conventions of a number of the States, having at the time of their adopting the Constitution, expressed a desire, in order to prevent misconstruction or abuse of its powers, that further declaratory and restrictive clauses should be added.”\n\nThe intention was that States could establish churches in their jurisdictions, and a few of them did. Other States adopted similar provisions to the First Amendment regarding religion. But this was always intended to be a State issue.')
('Libertarian Right', "You mean it's all centrism?")
('Libertarian Right', 'I will be willing to abandon the profit incentive when one of two things happens:\n\n1. Farmers start working for free like these guys do\n2. People learn how to eat Wikipedia articles.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'oh boy...')
('Left', 'Lowkey based tho')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Free helicopter rides :D')
('Libertarian Right', 'You will now call them "Dessicated Persons"')
('Left', 'I feel like MLK would fit libleft, Karl Marx would fit left unity, and max stirner would fit lib unity better. Still fantastic work dude.')
('Centrist', 'Agreeing with the left side today')
('Right', 'I thought this was a compass and it said authleft is just an unemployed authright lol')
('Left', 'You son of a bitch!')
('Authoritarian Left', ' Bruh i thought Carl’s only purpose was to spread false consciousness but if that’s true then wtf is this')
('Libertarian Right', 'Question for the other librights if you could lot out of taxes but you also opt out of voting would you do it?')
('Libertarian Right', 'No, they take the check to repay themselves a little bit for all of their taxes that were stolen from them. Now I have an excuse to take the check with out it being socialism.')
('Centrist', 'We’re all chads')
('Authoritarian Right', 'When you turn 18 run for office and run on that platform. See how far you get. I’m guessing you can’t even get the flyers printed.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Why tf is left saying that?')
('Right', "Abortion violates NAP.\n\nAlso defense is a legitmate role of goverment and terrorists have no rights according to any established convention of war.\n\nThat said NSA is unconstitutional and the main reason why I hate is because potheads are assholes and their stank carries a lot farther than tobacco smoke.\n\nEdit: marriage isn't a right and better to stop a threat before it gets too big.")
('Left', 'Maybe try not to read the most insane people of the web? Imagine me wanting to talk to someone from the right side and choosing a knight templar with ptsd for the task.')
('Centrist', "us residents shouldn't pay taxes ?")
('Authoritarian Right', 'Agree')
('Libertarian Right', 'Accurate. So accurate')
('Centrist', 'I\'m just going to copy and past my comment from when I fist saw this hitting youtube:\n_____\n\nOkay, if I\'m taking a 100% objective look at this, these are (for the most part) genuinely interesting character concepts and designs.... If (and only if) they get written well. (Good luck writers.) (Also, I guess I should point out that I\'m not familiar with the old New Warriors, so I don\'t know how much, or if at all, these new ones clash with the old ones.)\n\nLike, a character who can create protective barriers, but only when protecting is actually a pretty cool idea for a power. That one specifically reminds me of Josuke Higashikata\'s Crazy Diamond, who can heal/repair anything, with the only exception being himself.  Similarly, a character with the entire internet to draw knowledge from seems just as interesting. My only issues power-wise is that beyond a VERY basic description, we have no idea what "Snowflake" does, "B-Negative" seems to really just be lazily phoning in a discount Morbius, and we get NO description of what "Trailblazer" even does.\n\nFrom a design perspective, I actually only really have issue with wannabe Morbius, because that\'s the one where I literally can not think of a time period where that would be seen as a good design, even for a 90\'s anti-hero. I normally I\'d take issue with "Trailblazer\'s" size, just because I\'m not a fan of fat characters in general. However, I then remembered that I hated My Hero Acedemia\'s Fat Gum initially because of his size and name, and I thought about how I actually do like the character now that I\'ve gotten a bit used to him and his power set. So yeah, assuming her power doesn\'t contradict her size, I don\'t really have an issue with her design. As for the rest, I don\'t particularly love any of the designs, but I do find them to be passable. I guess I could complain about how yet another "non-binary" character is drawn as just a short-haired chick, but that\'s such a common practice that I don\'t  really give a shit anymore.\n\nNow when it comes to the names, I\'ve seen some people in the comments talk about how generic "Screentime, Trailblazer, and B-Negative" are, but honestly, I can\'t really pin that on the writers. It\'s been 80 years since Superhero comics first came into existance, and at this point, all of the good, and even most of the bad, names have been taken. As for "Snowflake" and "Safe Space," if I ignore the obvious political stance they\'re meant to convey, I actually don\'t hate the names. We don\'t know exactly what "Snowflake\'s" power is, but we can presume something ice-based from it. As for "Safe Space",  his is actually very fitting for his powerset, and assumidly fits his personality as well. (You know, in a protective brother, not fragile SJW way.)\n\nAs to some of the nitpicky things I\'ve noticed in the comments: Yeah, "Safe Space" and "Snowflake" seem to have a pretty "close" and creepy bond for brother and sister, but then again it can\'t be any worse than 90\'s Scarlet Witch and Quicksilver. Also, yes, "Internet Gas" does sound stupid as hell, but no more stupid than some of the other ways people have gained powers in the comic-book worlds.\n\nAs a final note, we\'ve been telling SJWs for years now that if they want to have "inclusive" superheros, then they should make them themselves, rather than trying to convert old characters. In this case, that\'s exactly what they did, and I feel like we should support them for it. At the very least it\'s being written by Daniel Kibblesmith, who also wrote Loki (2019), and Black Panther VS Deadpool, so we do know that it\'s at least being written by a competent writer.\n\nEDIT Before Pressing Send:\n\nOkay, so I read the official post, and I was right, "Snowflake\'s" powers are ice based. Specifically, she throws snowflake-shaped ice shurikens. On the other hand, "Trailblazer" has the power of an infinite-pocket-dimension backpack where she can reach in and grab an item, but it\'s at random and not in her control. So yeah, design\'s kinda neutral on that one, and the name\'s not fitting. I would have gone with "Backpacker" if they\'re trying to give a hiking theme\nhttps://www.marvel.com/articles/comics/introducing-the-new-new-warriors\n\n____\n\nEDIT: /r/dontrespondjustdownvote')
('Libertarian Right', 'Technically their parents are entitled to all their earnings up until 18. So, Mom can steal the money and vote herself more free shit.')
('Centrist', 'r/nottheonion')
('Left', 'Late, but immigrants as well.')
('Centrist', 'uhm im pretty sure auth right just executed someone in the congress building')
('Libertarian Left', 'I mean a broken clock is right 2 times a day')
('Left', 'I think we’re all neglecting the fact that communist music slaps')
('Left', "What about non citizens working/living there who get taxed but can't vote?")
('Authoritarian Right', 'Libleft-approved compass.')
('Right', "I'm going to say it")
('Libertarian Right', 'communist Carlson?')
('Right', "I just eat the store brand stuff cause it's cheap")
('Libertarian Right', 'I need to get a 3d printer')
('Right', 'I actually agree with this, I think it’s fucking dumb that minors have to pay taxes.')
('Right', 'They’re 99% likely to be trolling for a Super Bowl ad where the m&ms fight back or something')
('Centrist', 'The subtle changes to the face are brilliant! Fits the original perfectly')
('Libertarian Right', 'I’m clean. Do it pussy.')
('Libertarian Right', 'It was always the bottom one. Read up about how Karl Marx lived.')
('Libertarian Left', "Carlson is a nationalist first, traditionalist second, social conservative third, and populist last. He was once partially libertarian, but has since changed his populist stance into also economic populism.\n\nThis seems to have developed not long after Trump became President, and it is hard to know if he just sucked Trump's dick so hard that he absorbed Trump's neo-liberal (or fascist?) economic policies combined with his love of flexing over the markets, or if he was in hiding all this time, and trying to lay low because he thought the Tea Party pseudo-libertarianism was going places.\n\nIf we went full fascist tomorrow this fucker is in. Also, if we went full Stalin-style tankie communist tomorrow, he may put up some fight at first, but by week 4 this fucker will also be in. This guy just wants to feel like his country is the bestest ever, have the ability to flex that on other countries, and, most importantly, to feel controlled.")
('Centrist', 'This is sorta based')
('Centrist', '*AWAKEN MY MASTERS*')
('Right', '*I’m gonna say the j word*')
('Right', '>leftoids ever supporting gun ownership')
('Libertarian Right', 'Never have I been so offended by something I 100% agree with')
('Libertarian Right', "AuthLeft: Here's some money, now admit that socialism is the best thing ever. \n\nAuthright: Here's some money, now admit that Trump is the best president ever. \n\nLibRight: Give me back the *rest* of my money, you fucking thieves.")
('Libertarian Left', 'Peak libright is living on welfare while complaining about taxes')
('Libertarian Right', 'I never understood why I disliked tucker.\n\nNow it’s obvious.')
('Right', 'Not saying this is fake. There are definitely some idiots out there, but this looks way more like one of these old false flag of some stupid Antifa or even worse, the feds...')
('Libertarian Left', 'Damn this was actually funny  \n\n\nAre you sick or something OP ?')
('Libertarian Right', "Half the time I couldn't even tell what the fuck the schizo's were complaining about in regards to M&M's, must need to be American to understand reacting that way.")
('Centrist', 'Tucker invited to the BBQ by the Auth while LibRight is seething in the corner and LibLeft tries to get him cancelled for not believing in racial quotas. \n\nTrue unity.')
('Right', "Dude I'v never said the ni🅱️🅱️a word.")
('Authoritarian Left', "Hah, yeah, AHS are stupid! That's who we're talking about right? Guys? Fellow political exper... Oh")
('Right', 'Another libtard owned 😎😎😎😎😎')
('Libertarian Left', "That's some good content my boy")
('Authoritarian Right', 'Commies, Nazis, neutrals, capitalists and socialists, unite, for this must be a momentary display of union of old enemies and new ones, to fight whatever the.....\n\n\n\n\nFuck this is.....')
('Centrist', 'is that... a chad emily wojak?!')
('Libertarian Left', 'Fuck it even I have classified documents in my home')
('Libertarian Left', 'u/nwordcountbot u/corylamb316')
('Libertarian Right', 'Wow')
('Centrist', 'I wholly agree. I pay social security tax but am not allowed to vote for representatives to decide how that money is spent.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Based and PCM pilled')
('Libertarian Right', "It's beautiful. I've looked at this for 5 hours now.")
('Centrist', 'We all agree on something yay!')
('Libertarian Right', '>No Sexy Shirtless Rand\n\nI feel attacked')
('Right', 'I’m pretty sure I heard tucker saying he was libertarian once')
('Libertarian Left', 'Middle East is based')
('Libertarian Left', 'This is more like the difference between moderate and extreme left')
('Libertarian Right', 'Rocket man bad, alphabet agencies good  \n\nSimple as')
('Libertarian Left', 'Liberalism for the win')
('Libertarian Right', 'Wait, can we still say the r word?')
('Right', 'Volunteer reddit mods check in')
('Right', '/mybasedcount')
('Libertarian Right', 'Someone tell me what I’m looking at')
('Right', 'this but libcenter is monke')
('Authoritarian Right', "Modern Republicans don't try to ban gay marriage and in some aspects like taxes Republicans are closer to libright")
('Libertarian Left', 'Scared chad is a great drawing')
('Left', 'That Youtube like/dislike ratio says a lot.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Well, it does prove horseshoe theory...')
('Authoritarian Right', "What's fascist about her husband's pancakes?")
('Libertarian Left', "I can't believe how accurate this is...")
('Centrist', 'I find these pancakes to be fascist and pedantic.')
('Centrist', 'Egyptian here, call them mummies\n\n￼we call them mummies too, or momiaa in Arabic')
('Right', 'Based retards.')
('Libertarian Right', 'The original prohibition was definitely progressive coded. The temperance movement had very close ties with the progressive movement.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Our main accounts are banned from almost all political sub Reddits because we didn\'t say "drumff orange"')
('Libertarian Right', 'Volunteer firefighters are the only chads here, tbh.')
('Libertarian Right', 'This is my final push from right to lib right. Fuck the government')
('Libertarian Left', 'god dammit they’re figuring us out')
('Centrist', 'There’s a purple one? Since when?')
('Libertarian Right', 'WHY TF WAS r/a_n_c_a_p_w_a_v_e BANNED!??!?! NO FUCKING JUSTICE IN THIS WORLD')
('Libertarian Right', ' Biden, Pence, and Trump Covered in oil, in the same federal prison cell, who wins the twerk off?')
('Libertarian Left', "We should decide who should be king via boxing matches. How is it that I'm physically stronger than the majority of people who run society?")
('Left', 'Did that dude accidentally make a good point?')
('Right', 'The red is actually corona virus')
('Authoritarian Left', 'This show feels like something out of a Jreg skit.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'No one cares + go to church/mosque/ whatever religion you believe in')
('Authoritarian Right', 'No it’s a good thing because we create two more right after\n\nP.S thanks AHS')
('Authoritarian Right', 'I just found this sub a while back tho bruh')
('Left', 'Based Florida?')
('Libertarian Left', 'Centrist be looking hella dad')
('Right', 'This is by far the gayest shit I’ve seen in the last 3 months')
('Authoritarian Right', 'As a German, I never bothered to even lock at Fox News - everyone makes fun of them how stupid they are. Then in this crisis I started to Listen to Tucker Carlson and Gutfeld, and I was pleasantly surprised, polemic yes, but often quite nuanced. Did I fall for propaganda against them?')
('Libertarian Left', '\\>Right wing woman\n\nOpinion discarded')
('Libertarian Left', "I tried to pay attention to the twitter files, but they opened up with hours of slowly trickling out lists of censored tweets that were just links to Hunter Biden's cock, which turned me off pretty fast.\n\nI have trouble believing that there's much more to it if the journalist that they brought in specifically to curate the materials in a way that would make the old regime look bad decided to begin their presentation up with this flurry of removals that were entirely reasonable.")
('Left', 'A true piece of art. Can I hang this on my wall?')
('Left', "Indonesia is pretty anti-racism right now, especially with it's current generation.")
('Libertarian Right', 'Destroyed the Soviet Union. Drops Mike.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Are you my Mummy?')
('Right', "There are 2 things I care about when picking my chocolate: does it taste good and are they using slave labor to manufacture it?\n\nI don't really care about social causes but I draw the line at slavery.\n\nAnd I'll try any chocolate at least once for taste.\n\nNot the trans/cis nature of the cartoon. Or whatever. It's a cartoon.\n\nSo unless I'm going to bite into a Raisin that self-identifies a chocolate, chocolate is chocolate.")
('Libertarian Right', "Real shit tho. Is there a true anarchy political area right dead center between communism and capitalism? IK unrelated, but curiosity killed the cat and I still can't post yet lol.")
('Libertarian Left', "This would be a valid criticism if it weren't for the fact that the right literally doesn't believe that human rights should exist for anybody who isn't exactly like them.")
('Libertarian Left', "We're just floating in the Cosmos, on a little grey speck of hamburger meat...")
('Libertarian Left', 'Huh?!')
('Right', 'Damn bro she toast')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Based')
('Libertarian Right', "'scuze me? i am an expert, i have watched hours of yt")
('Left', 'Boiz this in confirmed, now.\n###parties are gonna switch again')
('Libertarian Left', ">socialism is when a bourgeois government gives out a stimulus check\n\nthis is why you're libright")
('Libertarian Right', "I don't give a shit about politics. Economics however, that's an actual thing I care about.")
('Libertarian Left', 'this is a uncharitable framing. people who oppose identity politics often do so *because* they are used to deflect away criticism from people hurting marginalized communities. *i*.e. kyrsten sinema\'s "*it\'s actually sexist to criticize me for the vote I made.*"\n\neven OP is doing it. according to him, anti-electorialism can\'t simply be the result of someone having *alternative* methods of engaging helpfully with their community, no it **has** to be a complete and callous disregard for sexual and racial minorities. that is identity politics to me. toxic divisiveness meant to separate people and stall progress.\n\ncivil rights are not "identity politics", they are just politics.')
('Right', 'wtf is the t-word? taint? titty? tardo? taggot?')
('Libertarian Left', "It's beautiful lol")
('Centrist', 'Tucker is the god of based')
('Libertarian Right', 'I guess "genocide" can be added to the list of words leftoid morons have stripped of all meaning. Many such a cases.')
('Centrist', 'Unreal game with unreal art and soundtrack. First time I played this game through blew my mind. Also, apparently a documentary?')
('Libertarian Left', 'I’d like to think if the shoe was on the other foot I’d stop using Reddit. But maybe I’d just complain constantly, and continue to use it. And every time I’d complain I’d go, “that will show ‘em,” all while having no awareness that I’m not doing anything to hurt Reddit or change anything, and that I’m basically screaming into an empty bag of doritos every time I make a post or comment. I’m not so arrogant as to think that would not be me, but fuck I hope that’s not who I am, and that I would just say fuck you Reddit and simply stop using it if i felt I was being fucked around')
('Libertarian Left', 'NOOOO NOW WHERE WILL I GET MY GREEN M&M CONTENT NOW???')
('Libertarian Left', "Love it, but I'm pretty sure this is a repost.")
('Libertarian Right', "He's right.")
('Authoritarian Right', 'Can’t cuck the Tuck')
('Libertarian Right', 'Stop the world, I want to jump off please.')
('Libertarian Right', 'fuck it imma vibe check myself!')
('Centrist', 'Based reunion')
('Libertarian Left', "honestly though I'm just a liiiiiiiiiiiiiiiittle bit jealous.")
('Right', 'Strong government =/= big government')
('Centrist', "It's really transparent with that IrlOurPresident account.\n\nIf the ramped-up anti-Biden posting *after* Bernie dropped out, breaking with Bernie on his endorsement, and all around posting patterns weren't already a give-away - it's literally reposting propaganda from pro-Trump conspiracy pages.")
('Libertarian Left', 'I am proud of my culture but not really of everything that my ancestors did.')
('Right', "I'm sure he said this stuff word for word and nothing was added or taken out of context")
('Authoritarian Right', "It's that old?!")
('Left', 'As a wise man once said... "Hoes mad"')
('Left', 'I posted about this idea before!\n\n\nhttps://www.reddit.com/r/unpopularopinion/comments/dm4ptz/in_order_to_maintain_no_taxation_without/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf\n\nThey hated me')
('Libertarian Left', 'what fucking quadrant is hunter green')
('Libertarian Left', '"Seize man for production"')
('Centrist', 'No one makes that argument though')
('Authoritarian Right', 'True')
('Libertarian Left', 'Woah, you mean the far right are a bunch of violent militant freaks? Talk about white fucking privilege. If those protesters were black or associated with blm or “antifa” they would be dead. What a surprise that a bunch of dirty pigs refuse to do their jobs now; they are essentially part of the protesters. Hours later and they have refused outright to do their job. If they won’t counter-protesters should')
('Libertarian Left', 'u/nwordcountbot u/monkeydown11')
('Authoritarian Left', 'It’s a really good drawing but why is hitler in the centre?')
('Centrist', "Alright centrists. We're the last bastion of defense. We have to take our aprons off, put away the grill, and actually do something productive to avoid a catastrophe.")
('Left', '/u/nwordcountbot /u/typical83')
('Libertarian Left', 'I don’t think that’s how the liblefts are, considering antifa.')
('Authoritarian Right', "Wouldn't Trotsky also be in Stalin's place? He was hell bent on invading the rest of Europe to spread communism.")
('Left', "Suddenly I'm a centrist... Hope to test my grilling abilities soon")
('Centrist', 'There’s a difference between a volunteer programmer and a voluntold coal miner')
('Right', 'This Thing is true af')
('Centrist', 'It’s frightening though somewhat comforting in a strange way that Hitler has attained galactic infamy.')
('Authoritarian Right', "I legitimately questioned why I was on this sub. At least he isn't planning to make a bomb or take his own life.")
('Libertarian Right', "Reject the two-party dichotomy, don't even give the fascists the time of day!  \nCHOOSE FOURTH POSITION! ALL HAIL THE LARGE ICE DWELLING!")
('Left', 'Free healthcare gang 🇸🇪')
('Libertarian Left', 'Nice cook bro')
('Libertarian Left', 'All taxation in this country is taxation without representation as long as we live under a corrupt political system that only represents corporations and the wealthy who, by the way, seem to get loads of tax breaks. 🤔')
('Right', 'Would not be surprised if Florida becomes the wealthiest state by median person in 10 years.')
('Libertarian Left', "When you're trying so hard to pander to the LibLeft that you end up creating a perfect strawman of the LibLeft...")
('Left', 'Yes! Very good! Thank you for making these!')
('Authoritarian Right', 'I took the test many times and never got Lib. Should I be worried?')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Based poopoo man racially inferior')
('Libertarian Right', 'How fucking dumb does your marketing team have to be to make a chocolate circle controversial')
('Libertarian Left', 'wait, it’s all centrist?')
('Libertarian Right', 'Why is the Lib-Right wearing a MAGA hat? Don\'t put us in that camp. I only voted for him the first time because "What\'s Aleppo" was an idiot not ready to run and Hillary would have been Presidential Diarrhea if she won.')
('Libertarian Right', 'These psyops are becoming too obvious nowadays the feds have to be using them as bait or something')
('Libertarian Left', 'and the republicans said that we were gonna be the ones that were gonna riot “when” trump wins, lol')
('Libertarian Right', 'Holy shit')
('Authoritarian Right', 'When you fail a false flag 😂')
('Centrist', "Oh man, so we have AuthLeft and neocons gaslighting Bernie bros into claiming they're Trump supporters, pushing them into the arms of AuthRight telling them to do it?\n\nAmerica deserves itself.")
('Libertarian Left', 'where are we')
('Left', "The execution of the Romanovs was worse than a crime; it was a mistake. \n\nThe reactionary forces in Russia at the time were not going to stop for lack of a clear successor to the monarchy, and the Romanov name was pretty deeply damaged by that point--hence the revolution. Having some kid in a foreign country or even in the custody of the Whites likely wouldn't have changed anything; indeed, it might have even weakened the anti-Red faction by defining exactly what the alternative was.")
('Centrist', 'He looks like DJ Trump but with brown hair.')
('Libertarian Left', 'My 9th grade social studies teacher showed us the compass as the first lesson of the year. It was first period so this is the absolute first thing i learned in high school. Edit: a word')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Move out of the way, jesus. I need to know.')
('Right', 'Is agender like amen and awoman?')
('Libertarian Right', "*Satire flag included because the CIA definitely does NOT distribute drugs and guns to criminals to destabilize communities.  Please don't add me to any more lists.*")
('Right', 'Not sure if r/PoliticalCompassMemes or r/wallstreetbets')
('Centrist', 'It really brings everyone together')
('Libertarian Left', 'Pin this to the top of the sub. It’s everything.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Reddit would rather ban MDE subs over pedo subs.')
('Right', "It's awesome. Bernie is laughing all the way to the bank, *again*!")
('Left', 'Based and Too much free time pilled')
('Libertarian Left', 'This is fucking hilarious')
('Right', '#GRILLER')
('Libertarian Left', 'why pretend you support a group when you could just fucking not')
('Right', '🚨🚨🚨TRANNERS MAD I REPEAT TRANNERS MAD🚨🚨🚨')
('Left', 'What would it take for a third party to arise?')
('Centrist', "It sure didn't call me a nazi")
('Centrist', 'I’m not a political expert but I certainly am correct')
('Libertarian Right', "First panel is an FBI raid in the dead of night on Trump, and a tooooon of outrage on the left. That's where it starts. The second panel is the left burying their head in the sand, and not giving two fucks that Biden has confidential documents in his fucking garage. \n\nRepublicans care about the lack of security, generally, but they mainly care about the complete inconsistency and hypocrisy of the left with respect to how they responded to Trump vs. Biden.")
('Left', 'Left 3 are Smexy Unity')
('Left', 'Pshhh just ban EVERYTHING. There, now everyone is EQUALLY angry.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Truth.\n\nThis scenario happened in Australia relatively recently.')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Authright losers')
('Libertarian Left', "This is not compass unity. I find it fuckin' hilarious.\n\nEdit:wow that sounds cruel")
('Authoritarian Left', '"Change team"')
('Libertarian Right', "Predicted this a couple of years ago. The left is going to tear down MLK's laws and accomplishments because those things now stand in the way of their desire to practice explicitly racist policies.")
('Libertarian Right', "I will vote against whichever party I think has hope to be fixed in the hopes that other people will do the same to motivate them to pick a decent candidate next time.\n\nSo I'll probably be voting against the democracts.")
('Authoritarian Left', "What's the word for those maga trump supporters who like to play dress up with fake military gear from amazon?")
('Libertarian Left', "Prohibition is still in effect today it's just on weed instead of alcohol")
('Right', 'This should only happen if they’re caught driving while under influence')
('Left', 'Based. If zoomers vote politics gets a lot funnier')
('Authoritarian Right', "You don't get it. It's irrelevant because it doesn't fit MY narrative!")
('Right', "I don't know any Republicans that are OK with the NSA.")
('Right', "It isn't part of the western civilization downfall because Green m&m isn't sexy anymore, It is part of the downfall because ppl care about fucking mascots from a candy. Why does It even has mascots, it's chocolate")
('Centrist', "Liberalism and conservatism aren't necessarily the same.")
('Authoritarian Left', 'u/redditvdownloader')
('Right', 'u/nwordcountbot u/sfowl0001')
('Right', 'NOOOOOOO!')
('Libertarian Left', 'Interestingly, Fox does a version of what Tucker says the left is doing.\n\nSo here it is in order, the "left msm" incites racial disparities to distract from class issues, and the "right msm" complains about the left pointing out racial things to incite the right to get angry and to "own the libs". \n\nHe made a good point about the class warfare things and the distraction from it by msm. \n\nHe\'s a r/selfawarewolves lol')
('Libertarian Right', 'LMAO BASED')
('Libertarian Left', 'W')
('Right', 'There’s literally nothing preferable between two authoritarians. Regardless of who gets elected it’s a disaster for the country. History will only remember that you voted FOR a horrible person. In a contest between Stalin and Hitler supporting either makes you a horrible person. Swing for the fences on someone who isn’t a monster.')
('Left', 'Right wing extremists in the 21st century: “The Pink Floyd’s 50th anniversary picture is very triggering to me. Also why can’t I fuck an M&M?!”')
('Right', 'We should do something about this')
('Authoritarian Right', "On the one hand he's based because he's the Electrocutioner on the other hand he's cringe because he's Catholic")
('Right', "You buy or do not buy Ben and Jerry's because of their politics.\n\nI don't buy Ben and Jerry's because they are a ripoff for how much ice cream you get. \n\nSeriously, so expensive for so little ice cream.")
('Centrist', 'BASED')
('Centrist', 'This is hot')
('Libertarian Left', 'I mean you’re not wrong')
('Libertarian Right', 'That’s right bitches immunity to fire')
('Centrist', "While I think this is a good thing, given it's a state mandate, the meme should really be authright and libleft.")
('Left', 'Chinese CCP:  "Communism good!"\n\nThe World:  One-Child Policy and putting Muslims into concentration camps is wrong!"\n\nCCP:  Do you... drive on roads?  *Who pays for that?*\n\nThe World:  GASP!')
('Left', "Yes, I believe the US should have a multi-trillion dollar army who policies the entire world, paid with my tax dollars. Yes, I'm a libertarian. We exist.")
('Libertarian Left', "I can't be a nationalist because there is nothing to be proud of about my country")
('Libertarian Left', "About Time. Why hasn't this always been a class? I graduate HS this Year, and not once did we go over how to do Taxes or Finance. Luckily I was taught by my very cheap family, which I love them for, and even dabbled In Crypto (of course not too much) but still. \n\nI have a plan and all, but they're essentially telling kids to get a job, then save despite not bejng old enough to open savings accounts (Aside an UGMA) or use those finace apps, which some being scams. Hopefully NC will follow, my school has Economics which talks about It but we need It to be mandated. It's a life skill")
('Right', 'I want it all gone :)')
('Left', "Who would you trust about black issues?\n\nA based black pastor who has spent basically his whole adult life fighting segregation, while being inspired by the wise teachings of Jesus and Gandhi and later assassinated in his full glory, or a white armchair ideologist who doesn't get in touch with actual people in real life and who is apparently suffering from more mental ilnesses that you knew existed?")
('Authoritarian Right', 'Lol, too true')
('Authoritarian Right', 'How I that blue thingy in my name?')
('Libertarian Left', "'member kids, brands arent your friends. fuck of Marvel you coorporate pigs")
('Right', 'My local ice cream shop blows both out of the water and is cheaper.Right around $1.45/pint, and in the last 15 years the price has only risen by 10 cents.')
('Centrist', 'I am absolutely furious with the treason at the Capital')
('Authoritarian Right', "I'm just here to remind everyone you can literally build a gun or of shit from home depot")
('Centrist', "It's nice to have someone offer to do the grilling for you once in a while.")
('Libertarian Left', 'Indonesian here, can confirm')
('Right', 'Maybe, but our earliest leaders were generally very Protestant and outspoken about their faith and its necessity in our government/culture. See John Adams’ address to the militia in the 1790s or even Manifest Destiny for reference.')
('Right', 'I only want abortion banned 😏')
('Centrist', 'Ok')
('Libertarian Right', "I'm pro baby yeeter all of a sudden")
('Centrist', 'Even the neo-liblefts hate it')
('Right', "What Trump supporter supports any of those things? Because I haven't met any.")
('Authoritarian Right', 'Nqqr')
('Left', 'You know America was never a meritocracy lol')
('Libertarian Left', 'Stop right there criminal scum, nobodys gay on my watch!')
('Authoritarian Right', 'NordVPN®')
('Centrist', '# B A S E D')
('Libertarian Right', 'Remember when left used to claim affirmative action wasn\'t about lowing standards. "We\'re not choosing someone less capable".\n\nThey always lie.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Yeah expect she wasn’t aborted, she was born and had a tragic “accident” or just got straight up abandoned')
('Right', 'Why do they have to politicise everything')
('Libertarian Right', 'Justice for r/waterniggas')
('Authoritarian Right', 'But they live in the state and therefore suck up resources')
('Centrist', 'obiden bama')
('Authoritarian Right', 'lol attacking me')
('Left', "maybe if half the authrights here weren't man children mad that their shit subs got banned and have no beliefs beyond edgy 4chan shit and n word they would be treated different.")
('Libertarian Left', 'Hi')
('Right', 'Woke Nazis')
('Right', 'is this nazbol gang')
('Libertarian Left', 'Lmao Biden is not that far left')
('Libertarian Left', 'u/nwordcountbot u/smushedtomato')
('Left', 'They have probably the lamest powers ever. Yeah non-binary heroes are good and all, but they really have to have the w o r s t powers ever?')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Wales 🐋 🐋 🐋')
('Authoritarian Left', 'I love taxes and completely agree 💟')
('Libertarian Right', 'Why is there a MAGA?')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Damn Trotsky looks good here')
('Right', 'You’ll be surprised when you realize we don’t mind gay marriage and don’t want torture or the nsa')
('Libertarian Left', 'Amen, may we merry band of retards never die!')
('Libertarian Right', 'GRU be like.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Most people say this is a hoax but they don’t know just how diverse racist friend groups can be.')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Jokes on you, I use sapply.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'In michigan at least, 16 and 17 year olds get like 98% of their taxes refunded')
('Libertarian Left', 'Accelerationism is hella based')
('Libertarian Left', 'The part where the compass zooms out reminds me of that one spongebob episode where squidward time travels')
('Left', 'Yes')
('Left', 'Hold on... is Pinochet known for having 3 arms?')
('Right', 'Nah, Tomboy Outback steakhouse unites the compass. We need this to happen.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Nword boting myself')
('Libertarian Left', 'I never thought of it like this, should be law')
('Centrist', 'My quadrant is the best looking.')
('Centrist', 'European here. Who tf is Maya Rudolph? And why tf are they taking the candymen away?')
('Right', 'weakling\n\nthats not a true authright')
('Libertarian Left', 'Just commenting so I can get myself')
('Libertarian Left', "At some point things reach peak retard and one must be forced to face that, wow, this movement has seen it's way out. This is that moment. Here's to seeing things 20-20 in 2020 Marvel.")
('Authoritarian Right', 'u/nwordcountbot u/TrappyisBae')
('Centrist', "...not what the Twitter files showed.\n\nThat's what the propagandists at Twitter wanted you to see, but not what was shown.")
('Libertarian Left', 'All this started because Tucker Carlson wanted to fuck an M&M, we live in dark times.')
('Libertarian Right', 'He does have a point though')
('Right', 'I want my Femboy Hooters hot wing')
('Centrist', 'This, I like this.\n\nBut biden is at best auth left')
('Authoritarian Right', "No it doesn't nigger")
('Libertarian Right', 'This is such a stupid stance. You are paying taxes for two reasons; to legitimize money and to pay for stuff. \n\nIf you earn you should contribute to the legitimatization of the currency. If you use services paid for my the gov I.e being able to sleep at night due to a standing military then you should pay taxes. \n\nYou don’t magically get the benefits bc of a vote. It’s not related at all.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Based LibRight')
('Libertarian Right', 'What the fuck.')
('Right', 'u/nwordcountbot u/ilikili2')
('Right', 'Well hello fed boys')
('Libertarian Right', "I didn't realise that Ancient Egyptians spoke English.")
('Right', 'Legalize weed')
('Libertarian Left', "Shit, that's a good idea.")
('Centrist', 'In theory, Aryans spread throughout Europe and Central Asia. This is most likely someone from somewhere like India or Bangladesh, who are descendants of the Indo-Aryans.')
('Right', 'Stupid doomers, I first saw this over 90 seconds ago and I’m still alive. Idiots.')
('Centrist', 'Population decline goes brrrrrrrr')
('Libertarian Left', 'small gov good big gov bad')
('Libertarian Left', 'I demand a fully nsfw version')
('Right', "Yea I'm with both center and auth right on this one")
('Authoritarian Left', 'Wait... we are all grillers?')
('Libertarian Left', 'All the right wingers that are banned from the N-word bot are the best part of this thread')
('Centrist', 'Still waiting on the confirmation of Florida’s existence should we raid Area 51?')
('Libertarian Right', 'While I was born around 2000s when the campaign-style abortion was largely over, reading books and looking at pictures of nearly fully formed fetus gives me nightmares and is largely why I am against abortion. And when my sister was born in 2010s, we still needed to register her as someone else’s kid to attain legal identity and and later ‘adpot’ her.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Okay but right wingers could be making the same arguments. This is an auth thing, not a leftist thing.')
('Left', 'wtf based af')
('Authoritarian Right', '*goy')
('Libertarian Left', 'Based accelerationism')
('Authoritarian Right', 'What about me?')
('Libertarian Right', 'Honestly I\'m just sitting back at this point and letting the chaos happen. Trump is making himself look like a fool and the DNC cant decide between a rich "socialist" or a creepy possible rapist. This whole election has been just a reality TV show.')
('Left', 'For a second I thought I was on r/LateStageCapitalism or something but then I read the second tweet')
('Libertarian Right', 'When I was reading I was like “wait this should purple” then I read the rest “oh yeah its yellow”.')
('Right', 'Would be good if they burnt it')
('Libertarian Left', 'How can I d/l this vid?')
('Right', 'Protesting on the streets is unbased and cuck-pilled. Donate to a fucking thinktank and lobby like a god damn Koch bro if you want to get shit done smh.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Unironically yes')
('Authoritarian Right', 'AWAKEN MY MASTERS!!!')
('Libertarian Left', 'I mean I agree but most of the volunteer firefighters I know are doing it to build their resume so they can get hired by a career department.')
('Libertarian Left', 'I knew it was drawn by someone on the right because they’re all buff men.')
('Centrist', 'My aborted mom and aborted dad got together to create aborted me')
('Centrist', 'You know what the worst part for our AuthRight friends is? \n\nThey just tore up and burned their entire set of "the left causes nearly all the violence in this country" cards they\'ve been collecting up all year.')
('Libertarian Left', 'I like how pcm has created their own fanfiction of the aborted people.\n\nNow their in the shipping part of the fandom.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Taking about how the poor are fucked over by the rich, and how western civilization is being destroyed by the democrats. \n\nPeak economically center left leaning fashie.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Genocide is intentional, poisoning a river through carelessness is not that in any way furthermore I doubt he had the government do this on his behalf rather he likely allowed mining by a company in the area and nothing more. (Side note how does poisoning result in malnutrition? Did it cause the water used for agriculture to not be usable resulting in famine?)')
('Libertarian Right', 'who is libcenter and libright?')
('Right', 'No this is not family values, he is the fringe.')
('Libertarian Right', "I'll test it on myself")
('Libertarian Left', '“I used the left to defeat the left”')
('Libertarian Right', 'More likely they are all pretending to be Nazi DeSantis supporters to make him look bad. Kind of like how liberals pretended to be proud boys outside the republican nominees house to make him look bad.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Legal immigrants such as green card holders pay taxes and can’t vote.')
('Left', 'gj staying mostly unbiased, however, centrist being the most jacked is a problem')
('Authoritarian Left', "'Do you think humans should be allowed to have sex?'\n\nyes.\n\n'Liberal?!?!?!'")
('Libertarian Right', "But we wouldn't NEED a government stimulus if the government hadn't stolen money from us to begin with.")
('Libertarian Right', 'Constitutional literalist? Like anybody would write a governing document go be interpreted figuratively or abstractly?')
('Libertarian Right', 'Can agree with abortion, cant turn them into consumers if theyre dead.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Wait, its just been grilling?')
('Left', 'How is kropotkin centre? How is HITLER centre??')
('Libertarian Left', 'I am so fucking happy I ran into this sub by coincidence')
('Right', 'Finally, a good agenda post.')
('Authoritarian Right', '^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Correct')
('Libertarian Right', 'u/jtizzle059 u/nwordcountbot')
('Libertarian Right', 'Based Tucker')
('Authoritarian Right', 'What kind of documents would they feel the need to bring home?')
('Libertarian Left', 'The hottest and coolest girl in the history of the Universe would have been my girlfriend, except she was never born because that night her parents drank too much and fell asleep without banging, then they banged 2 nights later instead and had a different kid.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Lib left should have rejected humanity return to monke\nFantastic art!')
('Libertarian Left', 'This makes me want to say a no no word. :d')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Wow, who’s surprised, they are all shit!')
('Libertarian Left', '"I can\'t get a job with my (gender studies) degree" is actually one of the things that radicalize people, as they once believe the system that told them getting a degree in a thing they like would guarantee them a job.\n\nLeftists who were radicalized sooner end up getting an engineering degree to hack the TSA no fly list with their sprigatito.')
('Centrist', 'Most accurate description of centrists I’ve seen today.')
('Centrist', 'also the main chef from the movie is from slovakia. immediately auth right')
('Libertarian Right', "I'm feeling a sudden urge to sell some propane...")
('Right', "I get paid 10 an hour working only 9 hours a week. I wouldn't mind. It would really help because our tuitions are crazy  in college and it's getting more expensive.")
('Authoritarian Right', 'u/nwordcountbot')
('Centrist', '*pillar men music starts playing*')
('Libertarian Right', 'u/savethisvideo')
('Centrist', "Biden is senile let's be honest")
('Left', 'This must be how righties feel when someone completely disconnected from their views tries to portray their arguments.\n\nMy side fucking loves degeneracy. Drugs alcohol sex. Never gonna be against those. Half the people on my side think driving high is not dangerous.')
('Authoritarian Left', 'They made as in the first half, not gonna lie')
('Centrist', 'authleft reminds me of that reaction image of that guy basically saying "oh no who would have thought /s" or "that was bound to happen". What is it called again?')
('Authoritarian Left', "Jokes aside, Jojo Rabbit was a fucking MASTERPIECE! I swear, that movie should have won the academy award for best movie of the year, but sadly it didn't.")
('Left', 'The glorious conversion')
('Right', 'purple would be "actually, it\'s one hour, 2 seconds, and 420 milliseconds! So by all accounts, I\'m not a ped-"')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Let me guess, they are also both homosexual and trans? Or are they counting themselves as "Non Binary"? Look Marvel, if you don\'t fuck this up you better make them good characters with a good backstory. Otherwise fuck off Marvel.')
('Authoritarian Right', "The descent into retarded American politics, let's just hope this doesn't become a shitty Reddit political sub. I really don't want this to become ruined by retards who can't vent their frustration into actual funny humour and not just a shitty sub conquered by American Democrats or Republicans.")
('Libertarian Left', 'literally drunk rn')
('Libertarian Left', 'This is fucking God Tier Level.\n\nThis is my Last Supper dude!')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Wtf is BiGender?')
('Libertarian Right', 'Pence? RINO at best and Chiden collaborator at worst. No one is being contrite over his chicanery. Lock him up.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'If anything that only shows that they have terrible taste in metal.')
('Left', '1970 Italian communists were… unique…')
('Libertarian Left', "Yep that's my state alright")
('Authoritarian Right', 'Older than yours')
('Libertarian Left', 'im clean')
('Centrist', 'When Hitler tells marvel to fuck off idk if a wanna be on that team.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Are you challenge Auth Left???')
('Libertarian Left', "Human rights could support lib or auth, depending on the issue, and the country. On the one hand, oftentimes it is the government violating people's rights, and therefore smaller government would be the path towards human rights. But on the other hand, some government is needed to protect your rights against other people.")
('Libertarian Right', 'We literally have prohibition right now for other substances, and it is still fairly popular.')
('Right', "Sales tax so everyone is being taxed. Also those 16- 17 year olds can't work full time and get that money back in their tax return.")
('Centrist', 'Lol this is gold.')
('Libertarian Left', "dude I am actually floored and don't know what to make of myself. comrade carlson.. it's got a ring to it")
('Right', 'Mans got a point')
('Authoritarian Left', 'All humans belong to the same Race')
('Left', '!flairs u/CHADISCHADIMSERBIA')
('Libertarian Left', 'One is hard-pressed to think of a creature more hard-working and better organized than the\xa0endrega. Ants, bees and termites are no match for them in this regard. Endregas best even\xa0humans\xa0when it comes to foresightedness and industry.In fact, the human race could benefit a great deal from following their example, resigning from the primitive and obsolete social structures of feudalism and adopting instead a form of arachnocommunism.In arachnocommunism, every individual has a specific place and performs a specific labor for the common good. The roles are as follows:\xa0worker,\xa0soldier\xa0and\xa0queen. Each comrade contributes to the necessary daily toil according to his special abilities, and takes from the common fund of wealth according to his special needs.')
('Libertarian Right', 'It’s a match made in purgatory ❤️')
('Left', 'I just want some god damn better gun control but especially mental health help')
('Libertarian Left', 'Bernie is too much of lib to actually attack Biden and that’s why he lost')
('Centrist', "Didn't read.")
('Libertarian Left', 'NAZBOL GANG NAZBOL GANG NAZBOL GANG NAZBOL GANG NAZBOL GANG NAZBOL GANG')
('Authoritarian Left', 'But what about foreigners?')
('Left', 'u/nwordcountbot u/avscum')
('Centrist', "im confused. GIMP is nothing new, at all. It's a Linux Program, free and open source. it's been around for a long time. It is an excellent photo editor. There is also Krita, which is more digital art creation than editing. And while we're at it, If you're still using Windows in this day in age, you should look into Linux...")
('Centrist', 'This is some high energy grilling.')
('Libertarian Right', 'u/vredditdownloader')
('Libertarian Left', 'The electoral process is trash.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'I am king of the Authright by seniority.')
('Authoritarian Left', 'I don’t get it, are they meant to be ironic and mocking identity politics or is it trying to be “woke”?')
('Left', 'So all of the sudden we are taking Nazi confederates to be stable people capable of discerning the proper meanings from historical figures? \n\nAh yes, the ol’ “literally nazis” argument and it’s consequences.')
('Authoritarian Left', 'The biggest misconception with political compass memes is that Hitler is center authoritarian when in actuality he was definitely right wing authoritarian')
('Centrist', 'Ni🅱️🅱️er')
('Centrist', 'The only common trait amongst all quadrants is violence  \n  \nexcept centrists ofcourse. we love peace and grill')
('Authoritarian Right', '>authright\n\n>Unemployed\n\nNice try, wagies')
('Libertarian Right', 'Its overall pretty depressing (spoiler: Big Brother wins).\n\nBut I think its a good read to familiarize people with what can happen (dystopia) if we dont work to stop it now.')
('Libertarian Right', 'This right here just made me join the sub.')
('Libertarian Right', "Expert here, we don't think so, we know that we're retarded politicians!")
('Centrist', 'The title said "/s"')
('Left', 'what if they are pulling a sonic movie type thing where they see the negative feedback and build conversation and then reveal a good/decent product')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Nazbol gang ?')
('Centrist', "Everything's correct, especially the last frame.")
('Left', 'Haha m1 grand go ping')
('Libertarian Right', 'and children shouldnt pay sales taxes either!\n\nedit: wow this is really full compass unity')
('Right', "I think we're more likely to join our lib-right counterparts and be happy to get our tax money back")
('Right', 'u/nwordcountbot')
('Libertarian Left', 'Wait you guys tax kids?')
('Centrist', 'WTF, Useful lessons in school ?')
('Libertarian Right', 'I hate the way the most commonly used test functions. That test also hasn’t been updated sense 2003.')
('Right', 'I think op does not like Ronald Regan 🤷\u200d♀️')
('Libertarian Right', 'gross protestants made it to 2100')
('Libertarian Left', "Laugh it up, everyone, but when you're being chased by one of them, you'll regret not calling them what they wanted.")
('Authoritarian Right', 'Language control. All part of globalist domination and enslavement of the west.')
('Centrist', 'I’ll grill to that')
('Libertarian Right', 'Left gets triggered because they get proof they’re manipulated 😂')
('Right', '*Ein Volk, Ein Reich, Eine Eiscreme!*')
('Centrist', "Mission aborted, we'll get em next time.")
('Centrist', 'I want to see smug Libleft on pcm for once')
('Libertarian Right', 'Milton Friedman bottom right 👌🏻👌🏻')
('Libertarian Left', 'HOLY MOTHER OF BASED')
('Centrist', 'But there should be both right and left why ban right sub reddits')
('Centrist', 'My Reddit icon is black and white now is that a BLM thing')
('Libertarian Left', 'SCP-1006 has escaped containment.')
('Libertarian Left', 'I would say that Trotski is auth-left too.')
('Left', 'Based Tucker\n\nWhat he’s saying is true, in america working class people face a lot of the same struggles (even though minorities do have it harder)\n\nThat’s why they want working class white people (Usually trump supporters) to fight against working class minorities (Usually supporters of the democrats)')
('Centrist', 'Bethesda is 20% based')
('Libertarian Right', 'Jesus christ man I love this and want more.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Who told you libright is against immigration?')
('Libertarian Right', 'Imagine importing problems.')
('Left', "I'd forgive these comic-writers/producers for pushing a forced-message into these characters, but when you make the character solely based on the message itself without any development, it's fucking stupid.\n\n  There has to be something with the designs of these characters and the story that is actually interesting! Otherwise, they should've just turned this piece into some cartoon porn-comic; at least someone would actually enjoy it for one reason or another.")
('Libertarian Left', 'Nice')
('Centrist', "Idaho, he's serious. He'd be pushing for legalizing cannibalism and human sacrifice if it weren't for the federal government")
('Authoritarian Right', '*The quadrants everytime a left winger posts cp on a right wing sub.')
('Centrist', "what do you mean companies support freedom movements where it is popular  but not in countries that are opressives toward those same movements ?\n\ncould it means that their commitment are purely financial and that they don't give a shit about any minorities ? \n\nnah, you're thinking too much, just buy all the DLC for fallout 76, bethesda are good guys that respect their customers.")
('Libertarian Right', 'Considering how often we’ve seen the fakes to push narratives (Smollet?), the meme pics are just meaningless.\n\nIt’s kind of nuts how many people use pictures of things they have no relation with to discuss issues they do not ever encounter in their own lives with such passion and conviction.\n\nIf people addressed the things they saw going on in their own communities, and stopped trying to be internet warriors trying to enforce their judgments on snapshots they have no context for, maybe we’d have diverse communities living their best lives?')
('Libertarian Right', 'As I always say, there are no actual Nazis in the US. There are trolls false flags, and whoever the left is branding as Nazis for a reasonable position')
('Centrist', "I'm ok with them commiting suicide by cop.")
('Libertarian Left', 'Bernie still has influence on Biden btw')
('Left', 'Everyone on this sub quickly changing their flair when they realise they agree with tucker.')
('Centrist', 'I don’t think the shoes, lesbian or plus sized candy (funny how everyone tries to erase the latter two from this conversation) are the outrage.\n\nSame as Gillette with their bullshit. People are fed up with companies pretending to be advocates of social change or movements.\n\nYou’re a fucking Candy Company. We don’t care for your world view. Just produce candy and shut up.')
('Left', 'Oh man, wait til you hear about Puerto Rico')
('Libertarian Right', 'I feel personally victimized')
('Libertarian Left', 'LibRight being a real one today.')
('Right', "Speaking for the dead is bad, but MLK wasn't wrong either. Emily is right that we don't know how he'd react to modern politics, but his message of unity and treating ALL as equals is still 100% correct")
('Libertarian Left', 'Couldn’t agree more, been saying this for a while')
('Libertarian Left', 'For once i agree with centrist')
('Libertarian Left', '[He does actually give refunds, surprisingly](https://imgur.com/a/BODwqK1)')
('Left', "Ah yes, expose the broken system to the youth, I'm all for it.")
('Authoritarian Right', "my acc is a bit too old, i think i haven't said nigger enough, might know a way to remedy this\n\nnigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger")
('Right', 'Andrew Bustamante be like...')
('Libertarian Right', 'This is the result of third wave feminism.\n\nModern western feminists have been rejected by men for so long that they now are trying to solicit children to alleviate their sexual frustrations')
('Libertarian Right', 'Wow, super good')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Terrifying chad Emily, argument invalid')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Neocons are fascists in denial and that’s why fascists hate them')
('Libertarian Left', 'OmG nO WomEN, SmExiST')
('Centrist', '*Inhales*\n\nTIME FOR A FUCKING CRUSADE')
('Libertarian Right', 'Give them an inch and they go full Beria')
('Libertarian Left', 'Peak PCM')
('Left', 'I know the original post was satire but this is such a ridiculous idea. lmao.\n\n&#x200B;\n\nLike it\'s basically just saying "maybe if the earth had billions of more people or something somebody would love me!')
('Libertarian Left', 'Let’s not forget he secretly sold missiles to the Iranians (post-revolution/ hostage crisis)to raise funds to overturn a democratically elected government in Central America, bypassing congress in the process')
('Centrist', 'He didn\'t really create al-Qaeda. He just didn\'t do anything to help bin Laden calm his tits.\n\nIt was Brzeziński and Carter who induced a Soviet invasion of Afghanistan as payback for Vietnam (Zbig admits as much). It was Arab governments who dumped their prisons into Afghanistan as the maligned "Afghan Arabs" that formed a core base of AQ footsoldiers. It was Sayyid Qutb\'s 1950s text "Signposts" that informed UBL ideologically, and it was the post-Suez engagement with the ME that continued to enrage him. Yes, the US forces in Saudi Arabia was an important event but it wasn\'t the sole reason UBL turned his Peshawar operation into al-Qaeda. \n\nYou did forget to mention Reagan was, and was backed by, anti-Reconstructionist and anti-New Deal reactionaries though.')
('Right', 'B')
('Centrist', '*When you’re born, you’re given a ticket to The Freak Show.  When you’re born in America, you get a front-row seat.*\n\n~ GC')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Who is far right?')
('Centrist', "So called 'sane, functioning human beings' when I educate them on how raping and murdering children is okay because they were born rich: 🤬😡😤😤😡")
('Libertarian Right', 'If you consider the motive for selfless people to be "satisfaction", it makes sense that 3/4 of the jobs on this list are web based. It\'s a lot easier for selfless people to benefit a large number of people when the value they produce is duplicated basically for free.')
('Centrist', 'I like the easter egg that you drew hitler like a Reichsadler.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Libright’s whole ideology is that people should do things willingly 🤡')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Nice username')
('Libertarian Right', 'I’ve been saying this for years.')
('Authoritarian Left', "We're laughing until we realize all the dregs of the banned sub follow their cousins here to PCM and start degrading the infrastructure and general quality of life. Goddam refuges with their barbaric ideologies.")
('Libertarian Left', 'Oh my god, your meme is so big!! 🥵🥵')
('Libertarian Left', 'this seems super useful. Why isn’t it everywhere?')
('Libertarian Right', 'Lol of all people they thought one of the most unlikable people on the SNL cast would astroturf this')
('Centrist', 'I think is an auth right thing')
('Centrist', 'Not trying to be that guy, but being against abortion doesn’t make you authright, especially if you see the fetus as being a human life. Not trying to argue if they’re right or wrong, but that’s not an inherently authright position unless you’re arguing libright doesn’t believe the government has a right to protect life liberty and the pursuit of happiness.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Yall dont understand irony lmao')
('Libertarian Left', 'Yeah I know how you feel bro')
('Centrist', 'You put the word retard on the lib side wtf thats literally racist?????')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Imagine actually thinking communism has ever happened')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Bruh')
('Libertarian Right', 'u/nwordcountbot u/ironic_mp4')
('Libertarian Left', "It's interesting how something so basic for other countries like free healthcare is considered libleft in the USA")
('Left', 'Authcenter and Lib-Left: But they could have been Hitler!!!')
('Centrist', 'Stahp it!!!!!')
('Left', 'Patriotism is a difficult subject for me, because I strongly agree with the founding principles of my country (with the exception of property rights), but I feel that the execution failed in almost every regard')
('Libertarian Right', 'Acceptane rates are kind of misleading. \n\nWhat you are seeing here is marginal white and asians with demanding parents willing to fund failed effort. Pre-med aint cheap unless your on scholarship. Less blacks and hispanics apply, hirer acceptance rate for the few that get in.')
('Libertarian Right', 'I don’t have anything clever to add, this might be my favorite PCM post ever.')
('Libertarian Left', 'i need this as a phone wallpaper')
('Right', 'Товарищ Туккэр')
('Libertarian Right', 'There are only two races.\n\nThe Human Race.\n\nAnd [LeMans](https://www.24h-lemans.com/en)')
('Libertarian Right', 'never ask libright how old his girlfriend is')
('Left', 'Bbbased Carlson?')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Why is my home state like this')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Just enjoy iceee cream')
('Right', 'How is tucker auth right, he’s more libertarian right leaning imo.')
('Libertarian Right', 'This makes me sad...why?')
('Authoritarian Left', 'How do you turn a Republican into a socialist? $1200 apparently.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Magats storms the capital armed to the teeth\nI sleep\n\nBLM knocks over a trashcan during a walking protest \nreal shit?')
('Libertarian Right', 'Auth right and libleft unity is much scarier than auth left and libright unity. Blue and green unity is an atrocity')
('Libertarian Right', 'u/nwordcountbot reeeeeee1818')
('Libertarian Right', 'Wait, people still care about the M&M shoe shit? \n\nWasn’t that last year’s “tea”?')
('Centrist', 'This')
('Authoritarian Left', "There's actually a song for this. [Arachnotopia](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3RBiLdEjTII)")
('Authoritarian Right', 'love how everyone gets abs – compass unity at its finest')
('Right', 'ngl, i miss doing menial physical labor so much')
('Right', 'This is foundationed as fuck')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Based???')
('Left', 'I jus wanna grill')
('Libertarian Right', 'It’s me I’m retards')
('Authoritarian Left', 'You guys see the "maga" guy with the hammer and sickle tattoo? Wonder what his flair is')
('Libertarian Left', 'The image is not big enough. \n\nThe complete clown show that was the SDI program. Increasing the military budget is a reason why our taxes are still so high to this day to military spending.')
('Right', 'I love how this post was designed to distract from their child slavery lawsuits, but the most based chads on PCM brought up the truth. Thanks. This is the best community.')
('Libertarian Left', 'I am a political expert')
('Authoritarian Left', 'they ruined the fucking candy man :(')
('Left', 'Amazing. Based.')
('Centrist', 'Is everyone just taking classified documents home now? just a bunch of politicians saying "hmmm, yes I\'ll take one about LSD cheese, you can take the M41C3 experiments" how long till every politician in DC is revealed to hold classified documents?')
('Left', 'If no one will give the sauce I WILL\n\nsister catches brother.\n\nAdd also something that sounds like corn conic')
('Centrist', 'Holy shit I don’t care')
('Libertarian Left', 'Every single bit of content from this sub that makes it to my front page is making fun of LibLeft.')
('Libertarian Left', "I'm from New Zealand. Being proud of my country is like being proud of a week old kitten for pooping in the litter tray, while you Joe Exotic motherfuckers are arguing outside.")
('Right', 'i like big govenment')
('Libertarian Left', 'If this happened under a communist, the comments would not be so forgiving. Just saying.')
('Left', 'Not so outside anymore')
('Libertarian Left', "I'm old enough to remember when Lefties considered racial separatism a bad thing.")
('Left', 'This makes me... very confused to say the least')
('Libertarian Right', "What is the track at the beginning of the video, I know and love it but I can't recall it's name")
('Right', "Centrists are Hitler's massive c**k")
('Authoritarian Right', 'When Soviets invade Afghanistan to spread communism:   \n\n\nWhen Americans invade Afghanistan to spread democracy:')
('Authoritarian Left', 'ORIGINAL VIDEO\nhttps://youtu.be/KWFaz4iSasA')
('Libertarian Left', 'The people who propose that kind of stuff are authright, not libright.')
('Libertarian Left', 'You’ve heard of arachno-communist, now get ready for [Arachno-Capitalist](https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/undertale/images/f/fd/Muffet.gif/revision/latest?cb=20151209030641)')
('Right', 'That’s a lot of teal.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Libleft is kinda famous for being pro drugs dude, including alcohol.   Not based.')
('Centrist', 'Lib left has the cutest cats. 🥺')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Poor guys')
('Authoritarian Left', "Alright to actually explain this, it's just right wingers using leftist rhetoric like they have in the past. The same reason the Nazis were the national SOCIALIST german WORKERS party despite not actually being socialists or run by workers.")
('Libertarian Right', "Good, now people won't complain about not being taught financial literacy (despite willingly not taking those classes when offered)")
('Libertarian Right', 'BASED')
('Libertarian Left', 'See ancom, this is why we can’t have libunity smh')
('Centrist', '+20% Accuracy\n\n+15 Armor penetration')
('Libertarian Left', 'Ikr')
('Libertarian Left', 'Kinda top banana tho')
('Libertarian Right', '😂😂😂😂')
('Right', '“Every Trump supporter has the exact same political views that conveniently let me feel politically superior.”')
('Authoritarian Right', 'In my country a political party names the candidate without any vote, they just name it. But again we have like 10 parties\n\nEdit: we had 14 candidates in 2019, 6 with realistic chances, meanwhile murica gets 2 idiots.')
('Centrist', 'Second libleft here.')
('Right', 'Remember when the Lincoln project did this exact same thing like 16 months ago to make republicans look bad')
('Centrist', 'Local ice cream shops are 100x better than either.')
('Left', 'Lol i bet she had to work on mlk day')
('Centrist', 'u/nwordcountbot u/Jak_and_Daxter3')
('Libertarian Right', 'I love how in a epoch moving away from superstition and «\xa0oracle\xa0» and that kind of shit, we still write on stuff like «\xa0Look at what the high priest saw in the liver of a chicken this morning!\xa0»')
('Centrist', 'I can’t tell who the better of them is. Probably trump for me but neither are good')
('Libertarian Right', 'Since when is lib right anti immigration? I am very pro LEGAL immigration because it allows skilled workers to add value to the economy')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Democratic Larty behavior')
('Left', 'Wtf is this meme? Literally no left wing person is against learning financial literacy lol')
('Libertarian Right', 'The fact that Lenin and Karl Marx aren’t here is a tragedy')
('Authoritarian Right', "I'm the no account guy. Where's my representation?")
('Libertarian Right', "Why did you censor the femboys but not the goths or tomboy? We're no worse than the rest.")
('Libertarian Right', 'If your argument includes "we should all be more like the mods" I don\'t know how to help you')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Try me bitch🤭😤🤙🏻')
('Centrist', 'INCLUDES VEGAN OPTIONS?!')
('Left', 'Well, for one Brazil is with the right crowd.')
('Libertarian Right', 'How is this auth right asshole supposed to be lib right? We don’t pass laws.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Can we get a new meme?  This shit was funny maybe the first two times.')
('Right', 'Taxation is theft')
('Libertarian Right', 'Thank you Jesus, but you should have covered the entire meme')
('Libertarian Left', "People literally can't do anything without their basic needs being met!!!")
('Left', 'Reported for hate content.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Full 180')
('Libertarian Left', "I can't tell if they were pandering to us or making fun of us.")
('Authoritarian Right', 'Dude LibLeft is skinny armed furries.')
('Right', 'The fact that I’m both right quadrants hurts')
('Libertarian Left', 'if the first frame was the size of a dice, how big would the grill man be?')
('Left', "That's what I don't understand about American politics. Don't Trump supporters want everything to be privatised? Why are they deemed as authright, and not libright")
('Centrist', 'You are a real artist and the true hero of the subreddit.')
('Libertarian Right', 'When a Mommy CIA and Daddy Black Budget love each other very much, a baby MK Ultra is born.')
('Libertarian Left', "I wouldn't say I promote 1984. It's not a pleasant read, so recommended only if you're prepared to feel bad.")
('Libertarian Left', 'That’s just a boomer meme with wojaks')
('Libertarian Right', 'Now I really wanna see where it thinks I land...')
('Libertarian Left', 'SILENCE BRAND!')
('Libertarian Left', 'صبحان الله')
('Libertarian Right', 'Profit is usally the best way to put it, but the more accurate way would be self satisfaction. By that logic, literally every piece of entertainment ever would not be profitable')
('Libertarian Right', 'Get my flame thrower')
('Libertarian Right', 'YOOOOO this man is spittin that’s so true')
('Left', 'leaving my echo chamber to go look at mindy kaling arguing with haters on twitter')
('Authoritarian Left', "It's one of the first time where a PCM depicts my reaction properly.")
('Right', "> America, let's talk\n\nI'm impressed that they found the single worst way to start this message. Nothing sounds more endearing to customers than a candy company managing to sound both condescending and cowardly.")
('Libertarian Right', 'This is the content I’m here for.\n\nAlso I might be authleft today…')
('Libertarian Left', 'They got something to lose from being exposed')
('Right', '"Stimulus Check"  Its another tax refund since the check was funded by taxes.  giving the people back what was stolen from them.')
('Libertarian Right', "No one would give a shit about seals if they looked like alligators.\n\nIt's why people get upset when a squirrel gets caught in a rat trap, despite them literally just being rats with fluffy tails.")
('Authoritarian Right', "Every year, I'm more tempted to write him in.")
('Authoritarian Right', "Who cares if it's candy?\n\nPeople are pissed. We have become polarized to the point that this is one of the very very very few places you can talk across the aisle with people who disagree with you. Almost any other place it's just an argument with both sides standing on soap boxes screaming a list of grievances. \n\nSo already pissed and divided people look for any battleground possible to bicker and bite at each other. We don't care if it's candy, or soda, or cartoon shows, or news articles about isolated events. We increasingly hate each other, and want any field to make that known.\n\nIn any previous age of human history we would already be worked up enough to get down to slaughtering each other until we worked it out of our system. But now we live in an age where people are more repressed and farther from even basic brawling violence that it takes a herculean degree of stimulation to get people to actually fight it out.\n\nSo this is the prelude between people snap and just start wildly running into each other and beating the ever-living shit out of each other to get it out of their system. \n\nuntil they do, they will continue to argue about candy.")
('Libertarian Left', "I'm not voting for someone who doesn't support my interests. Simple as that. Would Biden be better than Trump, probably. But unless Biden decides Burnie would be a good vp for him, neither is getting my vote.")
('Authoritarian Left', 'Is the American left going to dabble in a little bit of accelerationism this time round too? \n\nWould give Zizek something to do.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Did they destroy small bussinesses? Cause i think there would be even more of an uproar about it if they did indeed do that, all i\'ve heard and seen is they protesting to the goverment and congress, which is what the other morons should\'ve donde aswell instead of burning down livelihoods. Now if these people did indeed do similar shit like those antifa nutjobs then im open to change my mind on this topic, so far i don\'t see a reason to get crazy about this other than the orange liblefts saying shit like "those pigs on the right were whining about out protest and look at them now smh hypocrits" but it\'s not the same afaik lol')
('Left', "I can agree to that, but they'd still be paying VAT tho")
('Centrist', "As opposed to the hordes of people telling you 'if you don't like it, leave' at any remotely critical comment of the country? Or being considered unpatriotic for even showing slight sympathy for hundreds of thousands of people we have killed in foreign countries?")
('Libertarian Left', 'Framing is important')
('Right', 'Ban stuff? Cringe!')
('Centrist', 'The longer the culture war goes on the more horrors I learn about.')
('Right', 'If only you knew how bad things really are')
('Right', 'There\'s a reason that for generations kids have been taught the story of the little boy who cried wolf. It\'s not just a quaint little story like some episode of a kids show that teaches a nice moral lesson and is forgotten about. (Although there are some TV shows of higher quality, I really feel like Thomas the Tank Engine did a good job of showing many aspects of the human condition and I was reminded of this whole watching Bullet Train recently, no spoilers but if you\'ve seen it you know).\n\nTangent aside the reason this story has held up is because it conveys an important message. That message is that something may very well be a bad thing that poses a threat but if you claim everything is that threat eventually people get annoyed and stop listening, then one day it actually shows up but it\'s too late because nobody takes you seriously anymore.\n\nLooking back in history seriously it is clear to me that the view that sees history as ever marching forward to the progressive viewpoint, held back by bigots for a time but always marching forward, is not true. There have been radical and sudden cultural shifts toward culturally liberal values like we see today in the west but there has also been the opposite, look at the Middle East in the 60s to early 70s versus the four decades after that. I\'d argue that the Middle East is moving from religious fanaticism to a culturally conservative but less radical strong man style politics but it shows that the march of progressive values often reverses.\n\nMy point is there really are some scary elements on the fringes of the right and I think the arc of history makes it clear we are due for a right-wing backlash largely due to the fact that I think a lot of the urban elite have way less power than they have but act like they have more than they do and there\'s a growing distrust of all the institutions they are concentrated in and their ideology needs institutional support to function since it\'s so out of touch with human nature and the real world that in a vacuum it would lose. The question is to what? Hopefully a sane conservatism, but it might not be.\n\nThat being said when the people who are the true bigots who can actually get things done show up they won\'t be dumb enough to carry a swastika flag. It won\'t be "literally Handmaid\'s Tale" overnight but like boiling a frog things will become more and more extreme. Yet nobody will listen when the strong man really shows up because they accused everyone of being that, when in truth it will be somebody way more savvy than DeSantis, and way, way more than Trump.\n\nA good recent point of this is the George Santos think, it\'s pretty clear that Santos lied about his resume at this point. But he made the ok gesture on the floor of the House and again returned to the claim that this was a white power symbol. So here you have somebody who deserves legitimate criticism but they undermine that by making claims like this.')
('Libertarian Right', 'true nigger moment!!!!')
('Libertarian Left', 'The political compass test always ask moral questions instead of how you think the government should run. Like instead of "do you think people deserve to live" you it should ask "do you think healthcare is a right?".')
('Centrist', "Isn't Trump working for the Legalization of Marijuana? And I've never seen a Trump supporter deny a blunt lmao")
('Libertarian Left', 'No no, he’s got a point')
('Right', 'Between this sub and WSB I must be MegaTard.')
('Libertarian Left', 'I actually agree with this, even if socialism requires heavy taxing.')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Or vote Third party?')
('Libertarian Right', 'I was apprehensive of vermin supreme when he said he is taking our guns, but he elaborated it would be to give us better cooler ones.')
('Libertarian Left', 'I like editing Wikipedia. Its honestly quite fun. Especially taking a bare page and making it full. Its really cool to see the before/after.')
('Libertarian Left', "How is Hitlerauthcenter? Surely he's as authright as it gets")
('Centrist', 'District of columbia, Guam, Puerto Rico, American Samoa')
('Left', 'He (and clinton) deregulated the media as a whole, so now all the major studios are owned by like 5 companies and the news can just fucking lie to you.')
('Centrist', 'Based AF')
('Centrist', 'I’m a blue bunny guy')
('Libertarian Right', 'AWAKEN MY MASTERS')
('Authoritarian Right', '[https://babylonbee.com/news/in-another-hilarious--classic-gaffe-biden-says-help-me-i-dont-want-to-do-this-anymore](https://babylonbee.com/news/in-another-hilarious--classic-gaffe-biden-says-help-me-i-dont-want-to-do-this-anymore)')
('Authoritarian Right', 'fucking cr*nge')
('Right', 'You people are strawmanning idiots.\n\nTrump supporters don’t widely support bans on gay marriage or weed and they aren’t interventionist.\n\nThe average trump supporter is far, far more libertarian than the gun grabbing morons that wanna end the free market like OP')
('Libertarian Left', 'Very rare Tucker Carlson W')
('Authoritarian Right', "Darn; my account's old and I've been all over, from Cringe Anarchy, to MDE, to ClownWorldWar, to Average\\_redditor, to coomer, to Gamersriseup, to consume\\_product, and so on.... guess I'm too boomer to be banned.\n\n&#x200B;\n\nMan, do I miss those subs.")
('Authoritarian Right', 'Tucker Carlson is based and bluepilled, somehow at the same time')
('Libertarian Right', "Technically its all lib right, they're just changing their presentation based on their region for profit.")
('Right', "I don't necessarily agree with everything on the compass, but this has to be the most nuanced take on the gun debate I've seen. Good job, OP. (Wow, an actual intelligent, polite take on PCM, who woulda thunk?)")
('Left', 'u/nwordcountbot u/wowokbro')
('Libertarian Left', 'This was really funny, thank you')
('Libertarian Right', 'What if I told you that you could literally never vote again in federal elections in your entire life and it would have a guaranteed statistical impact of 0 on anything.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Left once again incapable of taking a joke.')
('Right', "I've tried to get into volunteer firefighting, but all the volunteer departments so far are full in my City. Just wanted to to get some experience for policing or firefighting.")
('Authoritarian Right', 'Beruit was an utter failure and costed the lives of many Americans. How could a peacekeeping mission somehow result in over 200+ dead American peacekeepers?')
('Libertarian Right', 'Creepy joe the hair sniffer')
('Centrist', 'Or howabout we all dont vote?')
('Authoritarian Left', 'there are only 2')
('Libertarian Left', 'So I have to change to Auth left now?')
('Libertarian Right', 'Thats now how genocide works')
('Right', 'With help from the comments:\n\nStalin, Hitler, Pinochet\n\nTrotsky, Grill Guy, Jefferson?\n\n??, Proudhon, Friedman')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Hitler with dual USPs instead of p38s or Lugers? Blasphemy.')
('Right', 'Yeah...outside...')
('Right', "Some people just can't stand to see other people happy.")
('Libertarian Left', 'Shouldn’t libcenter and libleft be Switched?')
('Libertarian Right', ' Taxation is rape.')
('Right', 'what riots, when did riots start?')
('Authoritarian Right', 'AuthRight  **Y E S ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)**')
('Libertarian Left', 'Centrists on the top left: Based gigachads\n\nCentrist anywhere else: Unbased cringe soys')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Christian Socialism is based')
('Authoritarian Right', 'u/Velkoz_edgylord  [u/nwordcountbot](https://www.reddit.com/u/nwordcountbot/)')
('Libertarian Left', 'Gon be me soon, the quality of this sub is slipping')
('Libertarian Left', 'Added to the wank bank')
('Libertarian Right', 'lmao imagine falling for this\n\nOP is a Facebook grandpa')
('Centrist', 'I seriously think they shouldn’t let anyone over 50 take office in any part of government anymore. Wtf is wrong with these people')
('Centrist', 'u/nwordcountbot u/spez')
('Libertarian Left', 'B*itish 🤮')
('Libertarian Left', "It's about half and half\n\nSee table 6\n\n[https://bjs.ojp.gov/content/pub/pdf/suficspi16.pdf](https://www.google.com/url?sa=i&source=web&cd=&ved=0CAQQw7AJahcKEwiIs4O6guL8AhUAAAAAHQAAAAAQAg&url=https%3A%2F%2Fbjs.ojp.gov%2Fcontent%2Fpub%2Fpdf%2Fsuficspi16.pdf&psig=AOvVaw0SdbeDsmz_E-1n9UU35F9h&ust=1674711976807379)\n\nWhich is not to mention that some large percentage of guns sold illegally were originally bought legally to begin with.\n\nYou're pro 2A because you think more legal guns doesn't lead to more homocide\n\nI'm pro 2A because I think more legal guns leads to more homocide, but I accept the trade of less safety for more liberty here.\n\nWe are not the same.")
('Libertarian Left', 'Where are trotsky’s legs??')
('Right', 'Self-satisfaction though.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Still waiting on that FBI Biden raid.')
('Authoritarian Left', "I mean... You're not wrong")
('Libertarian Left', 'This seems familiar... wasn’t this already posted?')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Oh daddy Milton')
('Libertarian Left', "In many places working before 18 is illegal. So there's that")
('Libertarian Right', 'I’m not sure how “I have a dream” can really be interpreted any other way')
('Left', ">races have unique features and experiences\n\nWhich needs to be resolved through egalitarianism, integration, and mixing. \n\nWho in here doesn't secretly want to bang Lupita Nyong'o?")
('Libertarian Right', 'Day 1:\n\n"There\'s no such thing as a free lunch."')
('Right', 'The sheer audacity of this little box that takes my money to display 2 whole adverts while I check out, AND demand a tip.')
('Authoritarian Right', "The Left: cancel culture doesn't exist lmao\n\nAlso the left: multi-billion dollar corporation is changing its spokesperson because Tucker Carlson screamed into a camera")
('Libertarian Left', 'u/userleanbot')
('Centrist', "Well according to my research (Oversimplified video) wasn't it the conservatives and Religious groups that wanted prohibition?")
('Authoritarian Right', 'It always seems strange that all these Nazi’s would use freshly opened flags? I swear Libs needing a false flag are the only people keeping the Nazi Germany flag industry going')
('Right', 'I am a retard but who is lib left and who is me ? \nLove Friedmans pose btw')
('Right', 'The definition of based.')
('Left', 'Yet the meme still works cause many people who have not paid into the system are eligible :)')
('Right', "So we're a nation now apparently")
('Right', 'Damn Minecraft Mobs don’t take sides')
('Right', 'Look at Haagen Daz ingredients vs Ben and Jerry’s ingredients. It’s a no brainer for me.')
('Centrist', 'based')
('Centrist', 'Fucking based')
('Libertarian Right', 'Republicans really don’t care about half the issues up there.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Mods, please make these into flairs!')
('Libertarian Right', 'Repooplicans and Democraps')
('Libertarian Right', 'hello?')
('Libertarian Left', 'Haaaaaa')
('Libertarian Right', 'u/nwordcountbot u/hemingway98')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Dick Butkus')
('Right', 'I mean, he isn’t wrong about classes having more in common than those of the same race.')
('Authoritarian Left', '> pretends to be Russian, everyone is white\n\nRussians are white')
('Libertarian Left', 'Honestly, the best solution is just lowering the voting age to 16. If we remove taxes then you know some billion dollar corporations are gonna abuse the shit out of it.')
('Right', 'Based and bless everything pilled')
('Centrist', 'Why is Authleft there ?')
('Right', 'Jajajaa pinochet qlo q mierda')
('Libertarian Left', 'Imagine being proud of something you had no say in 🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢')
('Libertarian Right', 'This is the lore we crave.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Wish the sword was real\n\nImma claim the English throne for my Scottish ancestors')
('Right', 'Reminds me of the DNC Tiki Torch hoax\n\nhttps://www.nbc29.com/2021/10/29/group-with-tiki-torches-stand-by-youngkin-campaign-bus-charlottesville-event/')
('Libertarian Left', 'had a guy saying gay people are not normal and its a disability etc.. he also said that there needs to be a cleaning of lbtq people like in 1930. i watched his account and it was 1 day old')
('Centrist', 'And that is exactly, how they advocated it in the past...\n\nWayne Wheeler was a fucking genius/psychopath')
('Libertarian Right', 'Do they know he owned slaves?')
('Libertarian Left', 'SACRILEGE. BRING BACK THE SEXY CANDY')
('Libertarian Right', 'Not putting spooner as lib-centre smh')
('Authoritarian Right', 'based and fuck AuthLeft pilled')
('Left', 'right : no murder children bad\nAlso right: starving children happens because poor people deserve it if they don’t work, \nAuthoritarian left: isn’t that our line? \nRight: shut up cOMmIE\nLibertarians: this is why government \nCentrist: we can all starve a few children as a treat \nLib left: this is why I do drugs.')
('Centrist', 'The candy man?')
('Right', 'First time i join this sub and i see this shit in most upvoted')
('Libertarian Left', 'Conservatives now love cancel culture?')
('Libertarian Right', 'This is so true lol')
('Left', 'u-uwuwowdcawntbawt')
('Authoritarian Right', '***u forkin wot mate***')
('Libertarian Left', 'Libleft no!, No!')
('Left', 'Yo someone nwordcountbot me')
('Libertarian Right', "I would happily opt out of voting for the rest of my life if I didn't have to pay taxes. No election in a reasonably sized country will be decided by 1 vote.")
('Left', 'Oo happy cake day OP!')
('Authoritarian Right', '>ban weed\n\n>support interventionism\n\nneocons can eat a bag of dicks')
('Centrist', 'What’s happening and why now?')
('Libertarian Right', 'i mean, hes not wrong')
('Libertarian Right', 'Human rights are more of an auth thing really, if they are enforced by the government.')
('Libertarian Left', 'fuck yeah dude')
('Centrist', 'it’s taxes paying for abortions I don’t want')
('Left', 'Co opting leftist talking points has always been a right wing strategy... nothing new here')
('Libertarian Left', 'If you color the panels in, it also matches up')
('Centrist', 'Mfw post Corona economy gets all these people fired')
('Libertarian Right', "It's not free when taxes are an insane amount of money in most of those countries")
('Left', "No, not really.\n\nQueer theory is perfectly compatible with the notion that children shouldn't be exposed to adult sexuality.")
('Libertarian Left', 'I really thought he was gonna go the Jews route lmao')
('Libertarian Left', 'Why is Hitler authcenter?')
('Libertarian Left', 'Thats how it be')
('Right', 'You always make high quality memes, but you’ve truly outdone yourself this time. Bravo.')
('Centrist', 'How in the world is Hitler not authoritarian right?')
('Libertarian Right', 'It’s almost like they all do it')
('Libertarian Left', 'How do I flair up on mobile\n\nEdit: never mind')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Speak for yourself')
('Right', "Look I'm a nationalist, not that kind of nationalist.")
('Authoritarian Left', 'I assumed the sword in the stone had divine power that would let it come out easily in the hands of the chosen one.')
('Authoritarian Right', "You know, when I was a teenager I thought Maya Rudolph was super hot. I don't really know why anymore, but there it is. Also, someone ought to tell M&Ms that it isn't the candy spokesmen that are the problem, it's the blatant pandering. Stop doing the white pride M&Ms in June, stop doing stupid shit like the 'women only' M&Ms and nobody will have an issue.")
('Left', 'I mentioned this in another post but the witcher 3 literally has an in game book about arachnocommunism refering to the endrega which are some weird plant-spider/scorpion (depends on which class) hybrid monster WHICH THE GAME CLASSIFIES AS INSECTOIDS AND NOT ARACHNOIDS')
('Authoritarian Right', 'I mean Ben and Jerry’s is fucking cringe. And not like they’re doing anything about the workers that get paid Pennie’s to pick their vanilla beans')
('Libertarian Right', 'Based')
('Centrist', 'Best post on this subreddit by far')
('Left', 'Lol')
('Authoritarian Left', 'I think I might agree with this one.')
('Libertarian Left', "It's really not hard to figure out. It's kinda like Michael Scott in The Office. He does shit but it is presented in a way that tells the audience that what he is doing is bad/dumb. It's context.")
('Libertarian Left', "I'm just gonna unsub because this is the peak right here")
('Centrist', 'True lib left would just be sad because freedom of speech > personal gripes on views')
('Libertarian Right', 'Applying for grad school and seeing it explicitly said in the admissions page of several universities I applied to that “preference is given to people belonging to underrepresented groups (including women) and minorities” in addition to explicitly laid out quotas for First Nations students had me simultaneously worried and beyond pissed off. Merit be damned when explicit quota filling would prioritize a worse applicant in one of the most competitive graduate programs behind medicine and law. I needed a GPA of at least 3.9 to be competitive (ended with a 4.11 in my last 30 credits). Alternatively, I could be a black woman and get in with a GPA of 3.7, which is the minimum GPA cutoff for many of these universities to even look at your application. Luckily ended up getting in, but it’s absolutely ridiculous how explicitly a fucking master’s program will discriminate on the basis of race and sex to correct perceived wrongs.')
('Libertarian Right', "Gov't doesn't have money. They're giving you back some of the money they stole. It's a power lib right move in disguise.")
('Libertarian Left', 'You took everything, which was not much')
('Centrist', 'Everytime')
('Right', '>Caption this\n\nThe Curie Temperature.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'The right values test is so much worse oh god')
('Libertarian Right', 'Mr. Rothbard lookin extra anti-communist today ngl')
('Libertarian Left', 'We get our femboys back? I thought authcenter had taken them all.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Im sorry what was that on the teleprompter')
('Libertarian Right', 'look where are we now')
('Right', 'Accurate')
('Libertarian Right', 'Acthually they all should be in libright as they carter to different consumer groups.')
('Libertarian Right', 'I support gay marriage and weed. As long as you don’t involve me with it I couldn’t give a single shit. Also fuck the NSA I don’t need damn spies watching me browse r/furry_irl every day')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Based and schizo Oscars pilled')
('Libertarian Right', 'God this is a good one')
('Right', 'I feel the power of the grill coursing through me')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Pinnacle of leftism, Donald trump 💀')
('Libertarian Left', 'I feel caught')
('Right', 'where is hayek tho?')
('Right', 'Where’s the lie?')
('Left', "I've never seen this level of unironic quadrant unity on an issue before")
('Libertarian Left', 'What is a hyperstate?')
('Left', 'i had to laugh my ass off at the middle part')
('Libertarian Left', 'HOLY SHIT BASED TUCKER')
('Libertarian Left', "By the title you'd think it'd be some gay shit lol")
('Libertarian Left', 'Hitler and the Nazis were not auth centre, they were auth right, and I will die on this hill. The only reason people have to say the Nazis were Auth Centre is to make the ideology more acceptable to gullable centrists (edit: or to themselves).')
('Left', 'weewoo weewoo based alert')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Strange Starbucks is still hiring')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Yeet')
('Libertarian Right', 'How do I get a flair?')
('Right', '[arachno militarism](https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/starwars/images/0/0e/AdmiralTrenchHS-SWCT.png/revision/latest/top-crop/width/360/height/450?cb=20160707191127)')
('Libertarian Right', "you always feel this way when you're libright. at least you sometimes get free beers out of it")
('Authoritarian Right', 'You’re humanizing communists?')
('Libertarian Right', 'Should have just let Standard Oil and Onassis Shipping nuke it.')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Nah, theres a difference between my authleft beliefs which are harm reduction and using the state to allow people the opportunity to realize themselves and Marxists. There can be only one.')
('Authoritarian Left', 'We have evolved past the primitive strawman we have now ascended to making up entire hypothetical human beings to get angry at or sad at.\n\ntruly we have reached the final frontier.')
('Right', 'If there was a way the US could create an efficient, national healthcare service funded by taxes with little to no out of pocket costs, I would be all for it. However with the sheer size of the country and corruption at all levels this is simply not possible. The biggest issue in my eyes is the insurance system, why the hell do I pay so much for them to try to cover as little as possible?')
('Left', "malcomx prob wouldn't approve")
('Libertarian Right', 'Is this the Auth Right tho?')
('Libertarian Left', 'Bruh for libleft country you literally have the Zapatista territory')
('Authoritarian Left', 'I liked it so much')
('Centrist', 'He wants to enforce an abortion ban,, how is that Libertarian in any sense?')
('Libertarian Right', '12 of the 13 states had an official state church at the time the first amendment was ratified.')
('Authoritarian Right', "Let's go! #BernieOrBust #Resistance #OrangeManBad")
('Authoritarian Left', 'MalcomKKK')
('Libertarian Right', 'Some of those liberal hack headline titles were so cringeworthy')
('Libertarian Left', 'Still more complex than the general left vs right political discourse')
('Authoritarian Right', 'How do I flair')
('Libertarian Left', 'Shit nigga no one better do it on me')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Damn wtf America you tax 16-17yo? Like i totally agree with that.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Basically')
('Libertarian Left', 'My AuthRight friend to me irl')
('Left', "You know, I first chalked this up to people getting outraged over some shit they didn't bother to verify online, since this is reddit after all. Lo and behold Marvel actually decided [this stupid shit](https://www.marvel.com/articles/comics/introducing-the-new-new-warriors) was a good idea. \n\n>it's this idea that these are terms that get thrown around on the internet that they don't see as derogatory. \\[They\\] take those words and kind of wear them as badges of honor.\n\nSo when are we seeing new superheroes called Retard and Faggot?")
('Libertarian Left', 'What happened to "law and order"? Cops treated the "protestors" with kiddy gloves')
('Authoritarian Right', 'The most difficult to swallow pill.')
('Libertarian Right', 'What echo chamber? Reddit is an insufferable leftist echo chamber. Leftists seem to believe that the popular opinion on Reddit is the common belief beyond because the moderators have forced anyone with a contrary opinion, especially anything considered a right wing echo chamber, out for hate speech. Hate speech being code for things they hated hearing.')
('Libertarian Left', 'NAZBOL GANG')
('Libertarian Right', 'Based and effort-pilled')
('Centrist', 'Everyone is getting laid off these days...')
('Libertarian Left', 'This has me feeling...feelings...feelings idk how to feel about...')
('Centrist', '81 million absolute brainless morons.')
('Centrist', 'Dudes are seriously horny for the m&ms, the utter state of mankind.')
('Right', 'Test')
('Left', 'I love Italy, my motherland\n\n\n\n\n\n*ALERT NATIONALIST*')
('Left', "And another idiot falls for this populist right wing propaganda. He didn't say this as an anti-capitalist statement, but to claim that the US didn't have a problem with racism.")
('Authoritarian Right', 'I dont really agree. They use government services at they should get taxed.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Cardboard boxes are where imagination comes to life')
('Libertarian Left', 'Sounds like cancel culture to me.')
('Libertarian Right', 'They also ripped off Venture Bros villian "fat chance"')
('Right', 'Based and most upvoted post here pilled')
('Libertarian Left', 'u/nwordcountbot u/dr___bright')
('Libertarian Right', "Hahaha that's amazing")
('Libertarian Right', 'Abortion is more of a social axis thing, but the rest fits.')
('Right', 'Not all Republicans support banning weed and gay marriage. \n\nAbortion, sure. But most of them who are anti-abortion are that way because they view it as a violation of human rights.')
('Libertarian Right', "I don't know what emotion I'm feeling about what you put on libright but it is not a good one.")
('Libertarian Right', "I've never seen a thing of such beauty")
('Centrist', 'Mummy sounds like mommy, which is a woman, and you just can\'t with that anymore.\n\n>By "displaying her more sensitively," Goldwater added, "we hope our visitors will see her remains for what they really are -- not an object of curiosity, but a real human who was once alive and had a very specific belief about how her body should be treated after death."\n\nLeft in a British museum ogled by tourists?  That probably wasn\'t in the will.')
('Libertarian Left', 'u/nwordcountbot u/CNQR_RiffQ')
('Centrist', 'i knew authright was ass')
('Libertarian Left', '\\#GlorkLivesMatter\n\nNow, come to my fully vegan BBQ, no omnivore options, lots of free beer!')
('Libertarian Left', 'I may sound like an Orange some times.. but screw you,Emily\nPancakes are not fascist and will never be!')
('Libertarian Left', 'This is based af but its so disingenuous cos tucker carlson is rich and clearly has his own agenda')
('Left', 'Who?')
('Centrist', 'Steak')
('Libertarian Left', 'conservatives were the pro-prohibition people but nice try')
('Right', "As a 15 year old working minimum wage in Nebraska, I can confirm that this is indeed true and a complete waste of money. It's my money and I want to buy body pillows and crunchy roll premium.")
('Centrist', 'Fuck the old gods all my homies hate the old gods')
('Left', "if you haven't been at least suspended by reddit you're using it wrong")
('Libertarian Left', 'The only reason I subscribe to this garbage subreddit is because I refuse to reside in an echo chamber.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'But I’m not a protestant')
('Libertarian Left', 'Jesus fucking Christ I’m all for safe spaces and not being a dick but FUCK THIS SHIT \n\n\n\nThese are literally flatter characters than fucking Bella from twilight. I’ve written fanfiction at age 7 that was better than this, and that was weird little girl porn of *the Penguins of Madagascar*. What the fuck.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Based and Vermin Supreme is my president pilled')
('Right', 'M&Ms should not be purple')
('Libertarian Left', 'Feels good\nEdit: I’m of course being sarcastic, but I fit the profile so there you have it.\nIn general, everyone deserves freedom of speech.')
('Libertarian Left', 'He really said: *”We live in a society*”')
('Right', 'Lol')
('Libertarian Right', 'Ah yes without the confines of scarcity everyone could have more, fucking SHOCKER')
('Libertarian Right', 'What does puh puh puh mean?')
('Right', "I'll give you that one. Fuck Reagan. Add another one to your list: National Childhood Vaccine Injury Act")
('Authoritarian Left', 'right wing class reductionism is kinda based? what flair do I change to help\n\nEdit: Longism')
('Authoritarian Right', 'what are they and how do they work?')
('Centrist', 'I cant see the upvote count, but whatever it is isnt enough.')
('Libertarian Right', 'I don’t get why colleges seem to do this. It isn’t helping anyone.')
('Right', 's a m e')
('Right', 'There’s a lot of unity in this sub anyway, it’s damn beautiful.')
('Libertarian Right', 'True')
('Right', "This is true. It's specially bad for papuan people altho they are still indonesian. They are basically asian black. Like legit looks like from africa. Everyone assume they're fucking stupid. Not to mention racism to chinese because chinese descendants is the top 1% here. Chinese is the jew.")
('Libertarian Right', "Damn guess I'm authleft")
('Libertarian Right', 'I don’t like Reagan, but calling him the second worst modern American president is essentially admitting you don’t have a good relationship with your father.')
('Libertarian Left', 'I think we just found out the average age of pcm users')
('Left', 'r/gamersriseup')
('Left', 'u/nwordcountbot u/nwordcountbot')
('Right', 'Revisiting Reddit after having been gone for a few months. I’m glad to see this sub isn’t banned yet :)')
('Libertarian Right', 'I think living in a world where all the murdered girlfriends switched places with the advocates of them being murdered would be preferable to the insanity that is reality.')
('Centrist', "Being proud of *anything* that isn't a personal accomplishment is just... bizarre.\n\nI can only imagine that sort of group identity appeals to people who have no individual accomplishments.")
('Right', 'Biden is more against weed than Trump. So you can jot that down.')
('Libertarian Left', 'aaaaaand that’s EXACTLY what the right is stoking with their anti-queer legislation this year. Yay!')
('Right', 'I could have made bank when I was 16 as I am sure my father would have hired me and paid me a seven figure salary. This idea comes too late. Forget it.')
('Libertarian Right', '“Assault rifle” is a real term. “Assault *weapon*” is not')
('Libertarian Right', 'this is me though too.       \n\nShame right guys?')
('Authoritarian Right', '>LibLeft r/politics\n\n\n>Doesn’t support communists or libertarians\n\n\n???')
('Left', 'Auth left is Joseph Vissarionovich Stalin (1878-1953), who was a Soviet revolutionary and ruled the USSR for over 30 years. \n\nAuth centre is Adolf Hitler (1889-1945), who was leader of the Nazi party and Führer of Germany during World War Two.\n\nAuth right is Augusto José Ramón Pinochet Ugarte (1915-2006), who was a Chilean general and dictator.\n\nCentre left is Leon Trotsky (1879-1940) a Russian revolutionary and political theorist.\n\nCentre is Chad (immortal) while taking a break from the grill.\n\nRight centre is Edmund Burke (1729-1797), who was an Irish statesman and philosopher and also the founder of conservatism.\n\nLib left is Nestor Ivanovych Makhno (1888-1934), who was a Ukrainian Anarchist revolutionary\n\nLib centre is Pierre-Joseph Proudhon (1809-1865), who was a French politician, philosopher and economist.\n\nLib right is Murray Newton Rothbard (1926-1995), who was an American economist and political theorist and the creator of Anarcho-capitalism.\n\nSource google')
('Libertarian Left', 'original source')
('Libertarian Left', 'He is literally afk')
('Centrist', 'My son is listening to Billy Joel and all I can think is:\n\n"Man what are you doing here?!" \n\nYou are the piano-reddit man.')
('Centrist', 'Would that mean felons won’t have to pay taxes.')
('Libertarian Right', 'no love for monke?')
('Centrist', 'Authoritarian right still wants handouts chief')
('Libertarian Right', "It's monke time")
('Libertarian Left', 'The 4 nations lived together in harmony...')
('Left', 'What riots')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Nigger')
('Centrist', '4chan redpilled r/PresidentialRaceMemes, r/Politics, and alot of Bernie subs HARD. They are disagreeing with a liberal figure who has been fighting a progressive cause forever, and has years of political knowledge. \n\nBy voting Green or not at all, they are destroying democracy for the next 4 years. \n\nOh, sorry, based meme.')
('Libertarian Left', 'This further motivates me to suck it up and vote for the man.')
('Right', 'Chads all around the board')
('Right', 'And the cycle continues, it always leads back to “Trump bad”. I probably have some classified documents at my place too at this point')
('Libertarian Left', "Yeah so just from what's already been released there's more than enough to show that twitter (and other social media) was censoring at the direction of the government. There is more than enough to make the argument that Twitter was behaving as a state actor at the time and likely violated people's civil liberties with their removal.\n\nIt blows my mind that this isn't something everyone is yelling about. We've literally finally been given the proof we were told could not possibly exist and half of the world pretends to not be able to see it like one of the extras from Westworld. \n\nNot only was there censorship of political opinions and journalist, protected speech from top to bottom, but they also allowed pharma corps to direct the censorship of doctors who said true things about this covid non-vaccine.\n\nIt is beyond insanity that so many people just buried their empty heads in the sand and carried on with their lives. This system of one political party controlling the narrative across all social media and legacy corporate media with censorship as a tool is just wildly dangerous.")
('Authoritarian Right', 'Unemployed AuthRights should get the rope.GET A JOB HIPPIE!')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Yo')
('Libertarian Right', 'ITT: people who don’t understand the difference between *political* right and *economic* right')
('Right', "If you don't eat Ben and Jerry's you are a fascist")
('Authoritarian Right', "I do agree with you that they're awesome but running society and the Economy on a voluntary basis is just not gonna work. We'll have a billion mods and 3 cleaners.\n\nBut who knows maybe a way of making sure voluntarism can have its place within the larger market Economy is more ideal.")
('Libertarian Left', 'Congratulations you have won pcm')
('Right', 'based protestant-destroyer\n\nthis post was made by the Catholic gang')
('Authoritarian Right', 'This is actually pretty cool')
('Authoritarian Left', 'we gotta start making our 4 panel memes vertical or somethin')
('Libertarian Right', 'This is an opinion, not a meme.')
('Right', 'I’m proud of my retardation')
('Libertarian Left', "Let's make local elections more accessible.")
('Centrist', 'Comrade Trump is defo a true communist leader, in the sense that he wants all the money for himself and his lackeys, and nothing for anyone else.')
('Centrist', 'Tillamook is clearly the better option. Put that mudslide right into my veins.')
('Left', 'Lib Left is supposed to be the Cum Town host, right?')
('Left', 'Who else expected Squidward from the time machine episode when everything faded to white?')
('Libertarian Left', '"Bad guy who is obviously a bad guy says something racist" -- Funny\n\n"Something racist is said" -- Not funny\n\nIt\'s like you haven\'t seen Liberal television.')
('Libertarian Left', 'How much you want to bet that Snowflake gets gendered as they/them once and then becomes she/her immediately so they can sell it in China')
('Left', 'u/nwordcountbot u/The_Real_Stannis')
('Authoritarian Left', 'u/vredditdownloader')
('Centrist', "I'm going to try and be a volunteer EMS one of these days, just too little free time")
('Libertarian Left', 'Ty for "wrong logo retards". Countless Republicans who literally worship Donny boy are out here pretending to be libertarians and they don\'t get made fun of enough for it')
('Libertarian Left', 'So old demented people are not fit for keeping highly confidentials information ? Damn who knew. Thats why I keep mine secured, under my mattress')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Wow, the government and corporations work together to screw us over, who knew?')
('Right', 'Stopped reading at  "Gorbachev wanted to destroy all ussr and usa nukes, reagan said no" like are you a fucking moron? that would just give world power to those who still had nukes, and up and coming nuclear nations like north korea terrifying power.\n\nTerrible post.')
('Centrist', 'Fighting the urge to become Auth-Centre')
('Right', '*Since when* do we support torture, the NSA, and interventionism??')
('Libertarian Right', 'Ever wonder why federal agencies never make an arrest on these people showing nazi flags?')
('Right', 'u/nwordcountbot u/SolarSilencer')
('Right', 'Green funi, orange scar you for life')
('Centrist', 'Eating ice cream during winter')
('Centrist', 'Gonna have to go with Tomboy Outback, unusual Authright W')
('Libertarian Right', 'Test')
('Centrist', 'I had people telling me that they "need military weapons to overthrow the democrats in case they win the election" over a year ago. So forgive me for being, well, less than surprised.')
('Libertarian Left', 'http://www.scpwiki.com/scp-1006')
('Authoritarian Right', 'please God let the nukes fly over any place that has a "Femboy Hooters"')
('Libertarian Right', 'They’ll say it’s a public health measure and you will comply with The Science™️')
('Centrist', "So it took gender studies, critical race theory, and the looming threat of socialism for ONE fucking state to come around to the idea that we should prepare our citizens for life in a market based economy. we're probably all fucked.")
('Right', 'Can I do this?')
('Libertarian Left', '8 values test is just a bit better to test then see where it lands on the. compass.')
('Right', 'Rib sandwich anyone? Only 19.99$')
('Authoritarian Right', 'We need someone like Tucker in charge of this country.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Another agenda post')
('Libertarian Right', 'Does anyone *ACTUALLY* fucking care? Genuinely? In the deepest parts of their souls?')
('Libertarian Left', 'How could they of thought this was a good idea')
('Left', 'Lmao centrist left eye')
('Left', "Failing to raise your kids successfully and letting the internet do it for you is a pathway to all sorts of developmental disorders.\n\nThat said, being transgender isn't one of them. I'm not any less gay because of my limited internet access as a child. And children do deserve some level of privacy - especially when it comes to developing self-awareness and self-knowledge, and especially if the environment they're in isn't one that's safe. I know that we like to think the best of parents, but a lot of parents are very, very shit at their jobs. We don't do children any favours  by micromanaging them right up until the age of 18 and then expecting them to magically thrive on their own after that point. Adolescence is exactly the time to allow limited degrees of independence so as to foster a more rounded and healthy human being.\n\nChildren deserve refuge from abuse of all sorts, and unlimited power to the parents isn't the way to acheive that because very often the parents *are* the problem.")
('Left', 'You lying pony faced soldier')
('Centrist', "That's actually awesome! Let's hope it leads to fewer idiots advocating for socialism without knowing what socialism is and more people knowing the difference between socialism, social democracy, mixed economies and social policies.\n\nIt's been made clear for years on the internet that european countries aren't socialist, but I still see comments to this day saying that places like Sweden are socialist country.\n\nIf you want a socialist country, move to Venezuela!")
('Centrist', 'PCM Lore is getting deep')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Good lord people, own up to the fact that every political group has shitters in it. The right wing isn\'t pure from their own "Emilies"')
('Libertarian Right', 'Tucker is just based')
('Authoritarian Right', "\\>Republicans\n\n\\>Want to ban gay marriage and weed\n\nHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA best joke I've seen in this sub so far, I fucking WISH!")
('Libertarian Right', 'He rose from the dead also free pony')
('Libertarian Right', 'Based times 1million. Truly an incredible effort post')
('Libertarian Right', 'That Gadsden flag on the blue quadrant triggered me for a second, ngl')
('Left', 'u/nwordcountbot u/dingdongmichaelhere')
('Authoritarian Right', "How about no one's income gets taxed? You don't have to think all taxation is theft to see that income tax is absolutely theft.")
('Libertarian Right', 'These people are the reason why so many people have a false misconception about libertarians.')
('Right', 'Hey I’m a right but I don’t know how to get the identification')
('Left', 'People genuinely being distraught about a hypothetical ideal person that would’ve totally loved them if they existed is exceptionally sad and cringe.')
('Authoritarian Right', "Racists deserve it, monarchist's DONT")
('Authoritarian Right', 'NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO')
('Libertarian Left', "ohhh nooooooo! that's so sad for you!")
('Authoritarian Right', 'India was socialist??')
('Centrist', 'Spy')
('Centrist', 'Lmaoooo')
('Right', "You support crypto? Cause its the only 'unregulated capitalism' around...")
('Libertarian Right', 'Good now the meme is over')
('Libertarian Left', "If you've been around enough ironic racism, you can tell the difference between ironic and unironic racism.")
('Libertarian Left', 'hmmm I must test myself')
('Libertarian Left', 'We live in a control society')
('Libertarian Left', 'Tell that to puerto rico')
('Libertarian Left', "Thus anyone who can't vote shouldn't pay taxes. Don't federal offenders lose the vote?")
('Libertarian Left', "This makes some false assumptions.\n\n1) That making money doesn't give you representation.\n\n2) That voting gives you representation.\n\nNeither are necessarily true.")
('Authoritarian Left', "Uh... that ''stylish text'' is really not that difficult to achieve in GIMP with layer selecting. Wouldn't take more than a couple of minutes.")
('Libertarian Right', 'Is there a non leftist source?\n\nEdit: leftists who agree with the title and are the "Yass so true" soyjak meme can\'t see that the BBC has a vested interest in creating fake news literal propaganda against a politician on the right and ideologically believe they are doing the correct thing')
('Libertarian Left', "You know, in the Netherlands if you're under 18 and you're working you can get all the taxes you've paid back each year.\n\n(I wrote get taxes *back* because the taxes here are automatically paid by your employer every time you get your salary. Then every year there's a day when you can calculate if you've paid more than you should and if you did the government will pay it back)")
('Right', 'Why would u want children voting? We have enough dumbasses in the US')
('Centrist', 'Stating the obvious, its obvious from a non-USA perspective.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Curiously my account only have 1 week')
('Left', '/u/userleansbot /u/typical83')
('Centrist', 'I thought PNG was a lib left country')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Who cares')
('Libertarian Right', 'This made me lol nice meme')
('Authoritarian Right', "Not gonna lie but if you ain't patriotic get out of my country")
('Left', 'virgin sleeper ideologies vs chad ironic ingsocism')
('Libertarian Right', 'U/savethisvideo')
('Centrist', "Can't he get a better haircut")
('Right', 'Play both sides to win')
('Libertarian Right', '😂, man fuck le left')
('Libertarian Right', 'It’s amazing what you can accomplish when you don’t shut down schools or make children wear masks.')
('Left', 'Ancient Athens would be proud')
('Right', 'Thats why i used the lucasnorth test. No bias')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Today OP learned that AuthRight is authoritarian')
('Centrist', "TBH I don't see a reason why a company should be held to a higher moral standard than the populace. In the west it's more of a damned if you don't thing.")
('Authoritarian Left', 'u/nwordcountbot u/dopstra\n\nI might have used it on a meta comment about its usage')
('Right', 'I reject my stimulus check to own the commies 😎')
('Libertarian Left', 'u/nwordcountbot u/takitacos')
('Centrist', 'I want to see what the curriculum is. \n\na lot of states have similar things')
('Authoritarian Right', '"The original Guardians intimidated me" - the writer')
('Libertarian Right', 'Thanks Todd Howard')
('Libertarian Right', 'If you want to know what fascism is, look at how differently FBI & the media handled the classified documents both Trump and Biden had.')
('Left', 'That riot was pretty cringe')
('Libertarian Right', "I'd say Malcolm X was pretty auth. Nation of Islam motherfucker.")
('Right', 'Happy helicopter noises')
('Authoritarian Left', ':)')
('Authoritarian Left', 'omw to gather 1488 nwords with me luck niggas')
('Right', 'Yo')
('Centrist', 'Libright would like the [freedom ship](http://freedomship.com/)')
('Right', 'W for Florida')
('Libertarian Left', 'u/nwordcountbot u/Chody__')
('Left', 'For the first time in history all 4 nations truly lived in harmony')
('Libertarian Right', 'Flair change')
('Libertarian Right', 'wow, Makhno is known outside of Ukraine?')
('Centrist', 'What? Why? Aren’t multicolored candies together the symbol of diversity?')
('Centrist', 'Based. \n\nI remember seeing this compass before, but was unable to read it due to being on mobile. But now I can read it. Thank you very much. You’re doing the Lord’s work dude.\n\nThe compass itself was very cool. There were also some funny bits like the Siberian bot saying the West has already lost 100 trillion lives and will collapse in 0.3 picoseconds.\n\nOverall, humanity seems to be doing ok. Yeah sure, there are serious problems in this world, but when have there not been big problems?\n\n It reminds me of the last ending slides for Fallout: New Vegas. “In the new world of the Mojave Wasteland, fighting continued, blood was spilled, and many lived and died - just as they had in the Old World. Because war, war never changes.”')
('Centrist', "I'm gonna check myself real quick")
('Centrist', 'Most of the younger Republicans I meet are more libertarian about gay marriage and weed and things, they are also against the intervention garbage of the old Neo-cons. Well need to wait and see but I think the gop might actually have been saved by the new generation coming into politics.')
('Libertarian Right', '"Respect" for the dead corpse you dug out of the ground in another country and stole back home to put in a museum for people to gawp at.')
('Libertarian Right', "I'm atheist and proud t-shirts 2 for 20$ comes in all colors 🙃")
('Authoritarian Left', 'I get this now')
('Libertarian Right', 'Leftists when they find out that people can want something besides money: 😱😱😱')
('Centrist', "Nah I don't care. Reddit is a private company and can do as they wish. If you're on my private property and say something I disagree with I can kick you off my property.")
('Centrist', "I am an indian..so i don't know\n\nIs biden a centrist")
('Centrist', 'Blue bell is the only way to go')
('Right', 'I half expected them to have “we resist” at the end. Like what Disney did with Star Wars.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Fuck all of them, especially the Brits they killed my family and put them in concentration camps.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'This might be the fucking stupidest interpretation of that quote I’ve literally ever seen and I absolutely love it')
('Libertarian Right', 'The same goes for felons')
('Libertarian Left', 'POV: You just said that making your whole personality about politics is dumb')
('Centrist', 'Do they not use infrastructure and other tax funded services?  Should we just charge them ala carte fees until theyre old enough to vote?')
('Libertarian Left', 'yes')
('Centrist', 'lol free market')
('Authoritarian Right', '"90 seconds to no more racism"\n\n&#x200B;\n\n200 years later: vault people vs wasteland people')
('Libertarian Left', "Companies don't have ideologies. They have only one desire: Money.")
('Right', "We have prohibition today, and it's not the leftists supporting it..")
('Left', 'Who would’ve thought that one individual missing their meds would cause such a trend')
('Authoritarian Left', "YES VOTE FOR TRUMP TO TEACH THEM A LESSON THST IS DONALD TRUMP'S FUXKING PURPOSE IN LIFE")
('Authoritarian Right', 'I’m surprised they put a rainbow for the Brazil account')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Holy shit, based alert')
('Libertarian Right', '2021 starting off with Carson and these riots. We’re off to a great start')
('Left', 'THIS IS A MARKETING GIMMICK .')
('Left', 'Centrists calling out the right.\n\nA change of pace but a welcomed one.')
('Libertarian Left', 'YangGang')
('Libertarian Right', 'Wow this glue sure is sticky')
('Centrist', 'Wait wait wait, you’re telling me not one but TWO politicians are corrupt and unfit for the office they’re in?! That’s insane!!!')
('Libertarian Left', 'If you respect them then give them back to Egypt')
('Libertarian Left', 'Wikipedia editors, game modders, soup kitchen workers, volunteering to work in hospitals, to work to help animals and the environment, tutoring a child, aiding a religious place of worship.\n\nNo matter how bad it gets there’s always be people who do good, not for themselves but for the community around them and it just makes the world a little bit better to be in.')
('Centrist', '2016 me v. 2020 me')
('Centrist', "It's always been mind-boggling to me how Haiti is at all times in a perpetual cliff-hanger of total chaos while the Dominican Republic, next door, with the other half of the exact same island, is one of the most chill places ever.")
('Left', 'OP too much of a coward to post femboy hooters in its entirety')
('Libertarian Right', 'There is no meme. This is the truth. Take off your pants.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'He’s *this close*. The Dems version of the Kalgeri Plan is to import hosts of low IQ immigrants that will be forced to vote Democrat for Gibs, will have hosts upon hosts of low IQ kids, and worsen generational poverty.  More successful people are having less kids, which means bigger inheritances, which means more wealth disparity.')
('Centrist', 'Goth ihop goes crazy')
('Libertarian Right', 'It is kinda cute even though I hate communism')
('Libertarian Right', "This place is more politically informed than pretty much anywhere else on Reddit. Which is kinda frightening but it's just *so bad* elsewhere.")
('Libertarian Left', 'This but unironically.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Can’t believe the Radical Right’s cancel culture ruined M&Ms smh')
('Authoritarian Right', 'BASED')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Middle east is ultrabased')
('Centrist', "Isn't that pretty much the summary of the quadrant tho.\n\nReducing quadrants to a single concept has been a thing here since forever.\n\nRed no food\nBlue racist\nGreen gay\nYellow/purple money/pedo\n\nPretty much everyone understands that posting a racist meme with a blue background isn't endorsing that opinion, just as if posting a pedo meme with purple background or furry meme with a green background or any other opinion in a different quadrant doesn't meant you're agreeing with what you're posting.")
('Libertarian Right', "Inb4 this is was a reverse-psychology meme to get Bernie-or-busters to vote Biden.\n\nI would have been ok with Bernie in 2016 out of curiosity, but Hilary got the nomination and although I at first bought into the orange man bad narrative, I started to be like alright maybe he isn't that bad.\n\nThis election, I wanted Tulsi. Majority of the Democratic lineup was awful. I honestly thought Warren could win, although I didn't want her (I live in Massachusetts). Now, I'm Trump 2020. I won't be voting though, I don't find it necessary to support a side I was never strongly for in the first place.")
('Libertarian Left', 'HEY, HOW DARE YOU SAY THE J SLUR')
('Libertarian Right', 'What’s the 1st')
('Libertarian Left', 'Gamers, rise up!')
('Left', 'personally i always thought pride is the wrong word. Am i happy to live in Austria? yes. am i proud of it? fuck no, i didn’t do shit to earn it. in my mind you can be proud of things you achieve, and being born somewhere isn’t an achievement')
('Libertarian Right', '3d printer go brrrrr. No step on snek.')
('Right', 'They could have simply introduce new product with different taste...')
('Left', "How is it my problem that this person has 2 completely contradictory worldviews that they've failed to reconcile?")
('Libertarian Left', 'Democratic Boomers vote on name recognition alone')
('Libertarian Left', 'Tired of the horseshoe theory where the far left is far right?\n\nHere’s is the ultimate centrist theory where the extremists are centrists')
('Libertarian Left', "anyone who isn't libleft is larping.")
('Libertarian Right', 'They can only do that due to the excessive wealth creared by capitalism. But i see your point')
('Libertarian Left', 'And if felons cant vote they shouldnt be taxed either.\nWhy do we even have felony disenfranchisement? This country was founded by people who would have been felons had the revolution not been successful')
('Libertarian Left', 'I’ve been arguing this since I was 16/17')
('Libertarian Left', 'Wtf I like Tucker Carlson now')
('Centrist', 'Libleft attempting to disown their creation')
('Libertarian Right', 'Libright likes immigration.')
('Left', 'Why Centrists are the best:')
('Centrist', '> This group of all-new characters were created by Emmy-nominated writer [Daniel Kibblesmith](https://twitter.com/kibblesmith) (*The Late Show With Stephen Colbert*) and rising superstar artist [Luciano Vecchio](https://twitter.com/LucianoVecchio) (IRONHEART). \n\n...you know, I enjoy jacking off as much as the next fella, but this is a bit of an overreach.')
('Centrist', 'Bro the people commenting were so funny lol')
('Right', 'DAE brain tumor cured by socialism?')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Its true!!')
('Libertarian Right', 'Over 65s have to pay. Would solve a lot of problems very quickly')
('Centrist', 'I don’t think Christ would approve of of the other places any more than femboy hooters. Just cause it’s a more lgbt focused establishment doesn’t mean he wouldn’t find issue with the sexual immorality of the other four')
('Centrist', "Geez i didn't realize it was November already, what? Oh it's April? Why are we watching the hype already like a SIMPs then?\n\nSure, its good to know about who's in the race; but have the decency to withhold commitment during courtship if you don't want to die a virgin.\n\nthis chadvice was brought to Raid: Shadow Legends")
('Libertarian Left', 'Would just like to point out tucker Carlson is a multi-millionaire in TV lol')
('Authoritarian Right', 'These animals trying to ban guns... The second amendment is too damn restrictive already!')
('Libertarian Right', "PCM when newest aborted X meme: +1000000000\n\nPCM when dude hasn't seen grass for a year making whatever this is:")
('Centrist', 'Awaken pillar men')
('Authoritarian Right', 'This makes me want to re-flair myself auth-centre.')
('Libertarian Right', 'The spokeswoman is extremely transphobic and bigoted.  They don’t know if a mummy is a man or woman.  How could they without asking that person?   \n\nFrom the article:  A spokeswoman said: \'Where we know the name of an individual we use that, otherwise we use "mummified man, woman, boy, girl or person" because we are referring to people, not objects')
('Centrist', 'Cum')
('Right', 'Most modern republicans are aren’t anti gay marriage.')
('Centrist', 'Hey OP, you a fan of John Money and his work?')
('Libertarian Left', 'This actually makes sense')
('Libertarian Right', 'Doesn\'t "protestant" mean "to profess"?')
('Libertarian Right', 'No we need a female versions')
('Libertarian Left', "It's like nobody has ever heard of a psyop. This isn't even subtle.")
('Right', 'Greatest meme I’ve ever seen on this sub')
('Libertarian Right', 'This is actually the worst fucking thing I have ever seen in my entire life, death could not come more swiftly.')
('Libertarian Right', 'This is 100% true though. People are held back early in life because they can not make their full potential and are held back by taxes. The path to affordable college is through less taxes, not more.')
('Libertarian Right', 'SPECIAL POWERS:Cry like babies when someone hits them and run away when triggered 10 times faster!')
('Centrist', 'Based. On a test from 2004.')
('Libertarian Left', "I thought that Political Compass essentially being propaganda to convince people they're libertarian was common knowledge by now lol")
('Left', 'Wtf???')
('Libertarian Left', 'I wanna punch the Person who invented the Word "wokeism" in the fucking face')
('Libertarian Left', 'Simply true')
('Libertarian Right', 'u/nwordcountbot u/Mithras_')
('Centrist', 'Libleft, no no!')
('Right', '"Justice delivered without dispassion is always in danger of not being justice."')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Most of us here come from a shitty experiment in 2004 too')
('Centrist', "The centrist Avatar we've been waiting for, who will restore balance to the compass.")
('Left', 'I want to pull that hair curl on his forehead.')
('Libertarian Right', '*How to make alcohol.*\n\nPurpose: fuck the government!\n\n**Reagents:**\n\nSugar (or any sugar containing eg. fruits or ideally juices).\n\nALTERNATIVE: starch eg. flour, potato. AND amylase, found in barley and some other germinating grains.\n\nWater\n\nYeast\n\n**Equipment**\n\nBeakers\n\nRound bottom flask\n\nFlat bottom flask\n\nCondensation column\n\nNecessary adapters and tubes\n\nHeating device (and mantle)\n\nALTERNATIVE: drum or other inclosable volume\n\n**Method**\n\nDissolve sugar in water in flat bottom flask\n\nALTERNATIVE: mix water and whatever your mash is in drum\n\nAdd yeast to lukewarm water (body temperature)\n\nWait 5 minutes\n\nAdd your yeast solution to the main reagents.\n\nSeal off your main reagents from air, note pressure may build up inside vessel. Use appropriate measures.\n\nWait (time depends on mash and yeast, range is 48 hours to 4 weeks) if you are using the water and sugar method it should be done in about a week\n\nPour your solution into round bottom flask leaving out the yeast precipitate, you may filter if you wish.\n\nBegin your distillation into beakers\n\nDiscard heads and tails (initial and last ~15% for improved taste and safety)')
('Libertarian Right', 'What is going on')
('Centrist', 'This comment section smells like Copium seethinate')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Us politics are wild, cant wait for the memes this year')
('Left', 'My biggest unity with Tucker Carlson was when he was hitting the neocons trying to get us into war with Iran. I give him credit there.\n\nBut on the class stuff... He uses the rhetoric, and he styles himself a man of the people, but he hasn’t had to do strenuous work a day in his life. His family is really rich.')
('Right', 'Blue Bell')
('Right', 'Yes')
('Libertarian Left', 'Its like I can hear "Sex over the phone" from Village People when I look to this image.')
('Left', 'Funny because we were studying it during my classes in 2014.')
('Libertarian Right', 'No wonder this was made by a left leaning guy\n\nFor right, Reagan was good (I am only saying for Lib-right)\n-He banned Unions\n-Privatized everything\n-Ended Social Security(say whatever you want to, tax dollars are better spent on weapons)\n-Ended subsidised housing\n-He is Free Trade Market')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Flair up or we’ll replace your salted mini pretzels with unsalted mini pretzels')
('Authoritarian Right', "Adults shouldn't fuck kids is it really that hard")
('Libertarian Left', 'r/iamatotalpieceofshit')
('Authoritarian Right', 'no joke, that cunt is the reason why mgs are banned')
('Libertarian Right', 'Fuck small government, all my homies use State or no State')
('Libertarian Left', "What's the difference between yellow and pink?")
('Left', 'There are more comments on this meme than likes on the reply.')
('Libertarian Right', 'u/savevideobot')
('Left', 'Look if there’s one upside, we get to achieve unity by dunking on Biden until November.')
('Left', 'Fuck that\n\nElectoralism has failed anyways\n\nRevolution time')
('Authoritarian Left', "\\>Gorbachev wanted to destroy all of the USSR's nukes if the US did the same. Reagan said no.\n\nNever knew this! My god did Gorbachev do everything in his power to make the USSR as weak as humanly possible.\n\nAlso >High value on immigration\n\nWait until LibRight hears what Adam Smith and Friedman had to say on immigration lol")
('Centrist', 'As a radical centrist I believe in all of these.')
('Left', 'I unironically agree')
('Right', 'Outstanding')
('Left', 'Like, three of those things are objective goals, one of them is subjective and of course that’s the one whose always in charge')
('Libertarian Left', 'Based and secular pilled')
('Libertarian Left', "Tucker's redemption arc")
('Libertarian Left', 'Definently me irl, im just 3 million spiders in a skin suit')
('Right', "Ok but who's paving roads for free?")
('Libertarian Right', 'Prohibition is still going to day only the substances have changed')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Abortion and gay marriage sucks.\n\nWeeds cool though.')
('Right', 'Good. I hope we audit more politicians and keep finding documents.')
('Left', 'Not quite a "club", it\'s more like a hammer:\n\nhttps://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hakapik\n\nEDIT: actually, the majority of seals are shot:\n\nhttps://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/newfoundland-labrador/ban-hakapiks-at-seal-hunt-premiers-tell-ottawa-1.739604')
('Libertarian Right', 'Bitch please trade brought gun powder, the most successful is libright')
('Libertarian Right', 'lol')
('Libertarian Left', 'I feel like this would be a burn if the dude wasn’t replying to a literal M.D.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Based. Gives legitimate reasons for every quadrant to hate him for directly going against their fundamental political beliefs, while also just being cross-compass unity dick moves.\n\nRed-scare was a lot of cringe.\nGiving in to terrorists is cringe.\nRacism is cringe.\n\nSomething for everybody.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Prequels? Nah its all about my boy JC denton baby')
('Libertarian Left', 'u/nwordcountbot u/mechnick2')
('Libertarian Left', "They're all libright. It's just that acting woke isn't always the most lucrative option")
('Libertarian Right', 'someone do me')
('Libertarian Right', 'For a "secular" nation founding fathers and their documents sure love to talk about God and the Creator.\n\nThere is a difference between having an *official* state religion like the UK and Denmark. And being completely free of religious influence.')
('Libertarian Left', "that's a semi-illiterate meme. Fascism's a right winged Auth crap, Auth Left is just as horrible, but it isn't called Fascism")
('Libertarian Right', 'Its gonna be a sad day when Tucker commits suicide by jumping off a bridge after shooting himself in the back of the head twice.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Awaken my masters')
('Right', 'Freddy Mercury in the liberal left seems accurate')
('Centrist', 'I made a throwaway for all internet arguements. Rather not risk losing all my internet points over something dumb.')
('Centrist', 'Holy shit mate, here, take your based pass already.        \nImpressive effort.')
('Left', 'This was actually very well made, good work')
('Right', 'Mummy')
('Centrist', 'They were not baptised though.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'We AuthRights are always moments before a schizophrenic meltdown. God knows what happens if we go over the edge, but I can think of Martin Heemeyer as an example.')
('Left', 'I say neoliberal all the time')
('Centrist', "Modders and FOSS programmers don't really fit in here because their projects serve to enlarge their portfolio so they can get hired.")
('Libertarian Right', 'Florida also has an average income of 46,000 and their average rent is only affordable if you make 54,000 because the majority of it has been bought by corporations that now jack rates up because free market')
('Libertarian Left', 'If it had been lib left taking the capital it would have gone very different, “dozens of antifa terrorists shot dead while attempting a coup of the current US government”')
('Libertarian Right', 'I think you’re confusing r/libertarian with r/Anarcho_Capitalism')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Self test')
('Right', 'Stalin’s pecs are lagging')
('Centrist', "MLK was in a time where racism was inherent to institutions and the law.  So yeah, asking whites to think differently would be necessary.\n\nNow, racism isnt inherent to institutions and the law.  Its more a consequence of cultural baggage and economic harsh realities.  So it would make sense to pivot to looking for better opportunities for people to do well in life.\n\nIf a change of perspective doesn't occur people will be calling racism even when outcomes are almost perfectly equal.")
('Libertarian Right', 'what if mine is not 2 weeks old')
('Left', 'What are Tuckers actual views? I see so much random stan-ing of him. I\'ve only seen clips and bits really tbh. Is he actually left at all or just the libright "corporations bad only cuz gov bad"? It seems like he is a libertarian but says a buncha stuff that is a bit varied.\n\nI know it\'s not a very good source, but the clips they show in [THIS](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RNineSEoxjQ) video always made me think he was prolly a grift.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Buff Centrist got me feelin some type of way')
('Libertarian Left', 'Love some* of thy neighbors')
('Authoritarian Right', "Thanks for returning my money gubberment, I'm buying a gun with it.")
('Left', 'See you when you reach sub’s most upvoted post ever')
('Libertarian Left', "I think most of this is just idiots that don't understand the issues diluting the conversation.\n\nYeah mishandling classified documents is sloppy and needs to be fixed. It was sloppy when Clinton and Biden did it, it was sloppy when Trump and Pence did it. Here's the thing though... the thing with Trumps case that made it so much worse wasn't that he was sloppy. It was that he knowingly kept them and fought the federal government to keep them instead of turning them over. It was so bad that they had to raid him to retrieve the documents.\n\nBiden and Pence aren't going to have that issue, becuase they are actively turning over their sloppy fuck ups.")
('Authoritarian Right', 'People losing their jobs tend to move left regardless of stimulus, as cute as the idea is.')
('Right', 'Saul Goodman\n\n⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣀⣤⣶⣶⣶⣶⣶⣶⣤⣄⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣠⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⣄⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣠⣾⣿⣿⡿⠛⠛⠻⠟⠻⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣝⣄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣴⣿⣿⣿⡟⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⠟⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣆⢿⡿⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⣸⣿⣿⣿⣿⢁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠐⠀⠀⢰⠋⡹⣿⣿⣿⣇⢻⣷⠑⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢄⢼⣄⢱⣿⣿⣿⣿⠸⣿⣇⢇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠆⠀⠀⠀⠄⡀⠄⠀⢈⠂⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⡙⣿⠀⢸⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⢰⣿⣿⣿⡟⢫⣷⣤⣀⣀⠀⣴⡴⣏⢠⢟⣻⣿⣿⣿⣿⡀⡿⠀⡎⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠿⢿⣟⣛⣿⡿⠃⣿⣶⣿⣿⣟⣛⣻⣿⣧⢿⣄⡃⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⣾⣿⣿⠙⠵⠿⠿⣿⡿⣿⠇⠀⢼⣿⣿⣿⡿⢻⣿⣿⣿⢸⢿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⣿⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⢠⡾⠋⠀⠀⢻⣿⣿⣿⣷⣄⢻⣿⣿⢸⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⣿⣿⣇⠀⠂⠀⠀⠁⠀⠀⠀⢹⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠙⣿⡃⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠉⠙⢻⣿⠀⠀⠀⠀⣠⠀⠠⢄⣀⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠀⠋⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⣿⣤⠀⢐⠔⠁⠀⠀⢸⡏⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢹⣿⠂⠀⡁⠶⠶⠶⠾⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠃⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⡷⡔⠁⠂⠀⠠⡾⣿⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣴⣿⣿⣆⢀⠀⠀⡣⣢⣶⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡟⣷⣄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⣀⣤⣴⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⢿⣷⠛⣲⠴⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣇⣿⡏⣿⣶⣦⣤⣀⠀⠀ ⢰⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠀⠙⢷⡈⠋⠿⠿⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡇ ⢸⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠀⠀⠀⠉⠲⢴⣠⣴⡿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡇ ⠸⠿⠿⠿⠿⠿⠿⠿⠿⠿⠧⠤⠤⠤⠤⠴⠿⠿⠷⠿⠿⠿⠿⠿⠿⠿⠿⠿⠿⠿⠿⠿⠿⠇')
('Libertarian Right', 'Damn impressive he scared chad')
('Left', 'Oooo I wanna try\n\nu/nwordcountbot u/SkShark')
('Centrist', 'B A S E D')
('Right', 'So what is the correct word now? Mummxs?')
('Centrist', 'Calling racists racist is racist\n\n#Enjoy your ban, sweaty')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Are Chinese people human?')
('Libertarian Left', 'How do I n-word count myself?')
('Authoritarian Left', 'I can’t refute this logic.')
('Libertarian Right', "I like how there are no women in there. I think I'll follow your art instead of going to the superhero movies from now on.")
('Authoritarian Right', ' first time i laugh at a meme like that here')
('Centrist', '"We did not think anyone would notice ". Of course they did the liars, that\'s the whole reason for woke virtue signaling! Hey, look over here, a man in a dress that\'s an M&M, woo-hoo, yay!! So inclusive us!!')
('Libertarian Right', 'All it does is fuel my anger to know that I have the government $4000 to get a $1200 check.')
('Right', 'One thing we can all agree on; libertarian, authoritarian, left, right is that large corporations are dogshit and can burn in hell')
('Centrist', "Who's AuthRight?")
('Right', "What's that cursed book? Is it recent?")
('Right', 'Do republicans hate gay marriage generally? Other republicans I know are ok with it.')
('Libertarian Right', 'You just made me watch a minute long clip of Tucker Carlson for a meme\n\nThat probably violates the NAP')
('Libertarian Left', "But why wouldn't I be proud of a libleft country that treats people much better than most countries.")
('Right', 'Did you seriously just equate a firefighter with a Wikipedia editor?')
('Centrist', 'I am formally accusing MrDucky78 of child rape and multiple instances of sexual assault')
('Libertarian Left', 'I can’t believe I just fucking agreed with a Fox anchor, albeit for about twenty seconds.')
('Libertarian Right', 'This is amazing OP. Thanks for sharing it with us.')
('Right', 'Why do companies continue to believe that the arguments between <100 people on Twitter represent the reality for 300,000,000+ Americans?')
('Libertarian Right', 'I had to study some of these degens in university and believe me, most queer *theorists* or critical *theorists* are massive pedos that either outright support child molestation in their writing or "secretly" engaged in it.')
('Centrist', 'this is so based it completes me')
('Libertarian Right', 'Unpopular opinion: democratic socialism is most popular among those who offer average amounts to society, but expect a lot in return (i.e. massive cancer payments free)')
('Centrist', "They don't want to be associated with the other members of the AuthRight Club")
('Right', "Some villages run a lot of things voluntarily, but most of the time is because they don't have a choice.\n\nYes you can run an economic system based on a satisfaction incentive, but it will most likely be shitty and lack important services. \n\nAnd what if there's a fire and only a few firefighters are willing to go for free? What if there's only two editors for your online encyclopedia resulting in false things because there's no paid admins?")
('Centrist', "Me to myself: don't worry, Body Builder Bernie can't hurt you")
('Libertarian Left', 'I love that he criticizes some rich news anchors who stir you in a frenzy about race to distract you when Fox news basically stirs people into a frenzy about liberals to distract them')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Test for myself')
('Centrist', 'The Radical Centrist: Grills for everyone he knows who by coincidence happen to be exclusively white vegans and he makes them pay at the door.\n\n*Edit* wait this was a video? Well done, indeed (not the steak though)')
('Libertarian Right', 'u/nwordcountbot u/samsuner')
('Authoritarian Right', '*1 day')
('Libertarian Right', 'LibLeft - Because it isn’t truly representative of non binary people’s struggle\n\nAuthLeft - Because it was made by a huge corporation \n\nAuthRight - Because it shows ((((them)))) \n\nLibRight - Because the backlash will probably hurt profit')
('Libertarian Left', "There's no place like home where you can call authright a nigger and be called based for it. God I hope this sub lives.")
('Authoritarian Right', 'Based.')
('Left', 'They should have danny devito be the human version of the red m&m again')
('Left', 'Saying you can’t call STOLEN dead bodies a certain word is the most be the most neolib thing of all time')
('Libertarian Left', "It's starting again, in a few weeks saying anything bad about ~~Hillary~~ Biden will cause the reddit downvote crusade. \n\n2016 2.0 is in full effect.")
('Right', 'Cuban Missile Crisis: 2 Minutes\n\nNow: 90 Seconds\n\nwho knew that everyone who lived though the time in which man came classes to nuclear war were complete pussies?')
('Authoritarian Right', 'YES!')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Well my account is from two weeks because it’s my first time on reddit')
('Centrist', 'The red army is the strongest. Among communist countries.')
('Libertarian Left', 'This is pretty much lib unity tbh')
('Libertarian Left', 'Fuck off marvel')
('Libertarian Right', '*inception intensifies*')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Funny because the right wing cant properly use logic if their lives depended on it\n\nFor the "logic and reason" camp they sure lack logic and reason')
('Libertarian Right', 'Nice I can comment on the top post all time on this sub')
('Right', ' Ridge on behalf of the machine')
('Libertarian Right', 'Meh just panic porn.\n\nIf the Cuban missile crisis was 2 minutes, were definitely not closer than we were then.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Dude educators are finally educating hope they still have time in the curriculum for transgender studies and CRT')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Is AuthRight Racist...?\n\n\n...\n\n\n...\n\n\n...Is the sky blue?')
('Right', 'This headline is completely idiotic')
('Libertarian Left', 'This is rape of women and I do not like it')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Me: I don’t want the government to kill innocent people and completely control everyone’s lives. \n\nPolitical compass: I guess that makes you an anarchist')
('Left', 'If you think medical school admissions have dick all to do with merit you have never been close to the system. \n\nAnd even with these statistics, black physicians make up less than 5% of total doctors despite being 13ish% of the population. \n\nThere are a million things you can critique medical school admissions for, this is near the bottom of the list. \n\nWant to actually make a difference? Drop the cost of admission substantially. The vast majority of med students (myself included) could not have supported ourselfs during admission. \n\nMy application cost around 8,000 dollars. Every school charges u a few hundred (probably 60ish% of applications will be automatically filtered before a human sees it, but only after you pay the cost). Then they send you a secondary app if you got the grades+mcat and charge u another 50-200 (again PER SCHOOL). Speaking of the mcat, thats another 300, unless you want to score well, then u need to pay 2000+ for a prep course. Then there are a bunch of bullshit personality tests that cost 150-250 that only an idiot would answer honestly on. Most schools required 1-2 of these, i paid for 2 (350 for my year). A conservative applicant (like myself) applied to 18 schools, but most neurotic premeds apply to 50+, more than doubling this cost. After all of this, assuming you have the grades, you still have only about a 40% chance of acceptance. Most applicants these days need a gap year, so if they applied and failed double the cost. Its not unreasonable to spend 20k getting into medical school, all while requiring us to have degrees that can only get u minimum wage jobs. How the fuck can someone without rich parents do that? \n\nThere is a point when you are qualified for medical school. Then theres the point where u can be accepted into medical school. Id estimate 75ish% of the applicant pool each year can handle the academic stress. 40% are admitted. \n\nWe are not accepting the best people who will be good doctors, we are selecting the most competitive humans alive and then expecting them to magically become extra good compassionate people after shoving them in a room to study for 12 hours a day every day for 2 years. Its almost like they optimized this process to kill every ounce of empathy a person is capable of.')
('Libertarian Left', 'who is the guy in the bottom center and please tell me how to flair up i don’t know')
('Authoritarian Right', 'i’m just waiting for our balkanization')
('Left', 'When they say they want small Government, they mean they want a government that is incapable of intervening when they do things like lynching, gay bashing, open polluting, torture, murder and discrimination.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'can someone please explain this clock and what it means i’m so confused. why would good things happen on doomsday?')
('Libertarian Right', 'I hate how they twist words like this. “Florida is the largest state to…” Florida is the third largest state in the union why is this a headline? Literally only California and Texas are bigger than Florida. My point is that this isn’t a new thing that Ron DeSantis has created, but the headline is worded to seem like that.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Politicalcompass.org: do you believe in God?\n\nYes: ⭕\nNo: ☑\n\nPoliticalcompass.org: LITERALLY AN ANCOM')
('Libertarian Left', '/u/userleansbot /u/antman2025')
('Libertarian Left', "I've been banned from half of the major subreddits for racism, sexism, transphobia and islamophobia. \n\nPolitical compass: LibLeft")
('Libertarian Left', 'You know, if we had universal basic income, people could be racist and not be so worried about losing their jobs. \n\nJust saying.')
('Right', 'I’m confused')
('Centrist', '"For the last time Ron: trickle down economics doesn\'t work."')
('Libertarian Right', "So we should say Mummified Person's now?")
('Libertarian Right', "Lmfao\n\nI'm sorry but that's about right.")
('Centrist', 'Oh my gosh! That’s horrible!\n\n*Looks at text in bottom right*\nOh wait, it’s just in Wales, so it doesn’t affect me, living in the U.S.')
('Libertarian Right', '*bUt MuH rOaDs*')
('Libertarian Right', "Don't lump that guy in lib right.")
('Left', "I agree, but also I'm pretty sure 16-17 year olds don't earn enough to be paying more than they get in returns so I feel like this is a non-issue/implicit strawman of non libright positions")
('Centrist', 'Bruh moment')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Stan Lee is rolling in his grave.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Ironic part is is that I think it’s working... People realizing that the CCP, CNN, and WHO are full of crap...')
('Right', 'Stop virtue signaling and fix your buggy ass boring games')
('Libertarian Right', 'He is a man of focus, commitment, and sheer fucking will.')
('Libertarian Left', "Just seen some of the videos... my fuck\n\nHas anyone done the spiderman pointing meme yet for authright all calling each other antifa? Or authright Vision 'maybe i am antifa?'")
('Libertarian Right', 'Well they need to do learn how to manage the money they get from selling the meth they learned how to make in chemistry')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Why are they naked? XD')
('Libertarian Left', 'Libleft is dancing with crabs')
('Libertarian Right', '“Centrist” put maga hatter in LibRight… ok LibLeft')
('Centrist', '\\>Tries to breed hatred for leftists\n\n\\>Uses the Marxist critique of nationalism to do so\n\nOh Tucker, you little rascal')
('Authoritarian Right', 'If you find people who are authright that swap like little bitches then they were never auth right')
('Centrist', 'Wait, US minors are taxed?\n\nIn Denmark you are not taxed on your paycheck until you turn 18, however, your salary is also nearly half of that of an adult.\n\nAs a minor I made ~$8.80/hr with no taxation and when I turned 18 my salary was automatically increased to ~$17.70/hr with a tax rate of about 40%.')
('Centrist', 'There should be perfectly round person bigger than everyone else discord/reddit mod.')
('Left', 'Alright. Who is gonna play them in the MCU?')
('Libertarian Right', 'I like guns 1000 points toward conservative, oh you don’t want the government intruding on your privacy 10 points to libertarian')
('Right', 'But first, the money is stolen from someone else not pictured here.')
('Libertarian Right', 'When all of librights needs/dreams are met, he is usually the first to be a volunteer.\n\nThat or when the government lets me write it off my taxes again.')
('Libertarian Right', 'As a libright, yes volunteerism is amazing')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Talking about my political beliefs resembles the Jordan Peterson, Kathy Newman interview')
('Libertarian Right', "I don't know why people think this will result in a positive change. The overwhelming majority of people go through 12 years of schooling and a good chunk of them are illiterate. Half of adults can't even read anything higher than a 6 grade text. This don't include the amount of idiots out there.")
('Centrist', "Oh god oh fuck they're making guillotines out of their webbing")
('Libertarian Right', 'I’m not a hypocrite. All these government crap bags are terrible people. I don’t care if they’re left or right.')
('Left', 'First of all, Based.\n\nSecondly... Russians are white too tho')
('Libertarian Left', 'You know, I agree with this.')
('Libertarian Left', 'u/VredditDownloader')
('Left', 'Yes, yes. Keep the hate coming.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Now this is art.\n\nHello, r/all.')
('Centrist', 'Say, how about declassifying those documents, absolving them of any wrongdoing in the process 😎')
('Libertarian Right', "What are you talking about? I took the isidewith test because it's way more accurate and well made.")
('Libertarian Right', 'lmao wtf is this')
('Libertarian Right', 'Let me try it on myself')
('Libertarian Right', 'They are members of the ~~Kan~~Ye cult...')
('Right', 'Fuck off op, left approves of this shit.  Not buying your shit today')
('Left', "Unless it's some corrupt bissniuss, keep candies out of politics.")
('Libertarian Left', 'MLK didn\'t say that we should right now do all colorblindness.  He said that he had a dream that *one day* it\'ll happen.\n\nHe also pushed for things that are hard to square with the modern right wing view of "colorblindness"')
('Libertarian Right', "This is the best meme I've seen on this sub by far lmao")
('Centrist', 'And they all lived together based until the end of days. Except the purple one')
('Right', "I get this gist, but that age range is Minors, so Rights/laws don't particularly apply to them")
('Libertarian Right', 'Noooo my dream girl')
('Left', 'We for once, are just chillen')
('Right', 'Republican is just right, not neccesarily auth or lib')
('Right', "I LOVED this movie simply because it portrayed how fucking pretentious and uppity the fine-dining industry is. \n\nI know they are closed but look at Noma's New Nordic cuisine.")
('Left', 'based')
('Libertarian Right', 'Centrist singularity')
('Centrist', 'I (17M) agree, now if only I knew who to vote for...')
('Left', "Nah surely this is compass unity. I can't imagine many people disagree with this.")
('Centrist', 'This is too high effort for PCM. Incredible work')
('Authoritarian Left', 'he was friends with the wickedest witch')
('Libertarian Right', 'Question has there been any left leaning subreddits banned?')
('Right', 'By this reasoning, women should never be taxed, just their husbands or fathers.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Honestly I’m more offended about the costume design, names and hair, wtf is going on?')
('Libertarian Left', 'Ironic.\n\nTo know someone WASN\'T an expert, you\'d have to be an expert to tell.\n\nBut if you\'re NOT an expert... How could you tell of sometime else WASN\'T ?\n\nBy definition, no one can be an expert because only an expert could confirm an expert was an expert.\n\nOr, put another way... We often hear "who police the police?" but here? "which experts confirm the experts"?\n\n(side note: I said expert so often, I don\'t think it\'s a real Word any more. Expert... X\'pert. Ex... Pert. X... P\'t. Eggs burt? Hex purt!)')
('Left', 'People I don’t like being silenced is a bad thing?')
('Libertarian Right', "NGL I liked the screentime design cuz it wasn't rage-yelling someone political ideals at me and looked cool, but Jesus christ everything else was complete dog shit\n\n\nedit: I said I only liked his character design, not his backstory")
('Left', 'Holy hell! 🤣')
('Libertarian Right', 'LOL')
('Centrist', 'Bryh')
('Libertarian Right', 'u/savevideo')
('Libertarian Right', 'i truly believe that in the near future, we will go from "product advertisement to "advertisement product", where when you buy one product it has ads for another.\n\nFor example, you buy some mac and cheese. it will also have some 2A talking points on it. Or you buy some beer and there is a passage on BLM.')
('Right', 'What absolute monster would abort a horse?! They can be made into tasty sausages. Aborting them is such a waste.')
('Libertarian Left', 'u/userleansbot me')
('Libertarian Right', 'Context?')
('Libertarian Left', 'Do these documents contain the Krabby Patty formula or why do all these mfs steal so many documents?')
('Left', "This obvious abomination aside, I have so many questions. Why are they so hellbent on pandering to millennials and gen Z when Marvel couldn't be more popular right now? Why are they so badly drawn? Why are their powers so incredibly lame? Why are the names so terrible? Why do they need to routinely pander to the LGBT community when they're happier if you just make LGBT people normal fucking people? Take a note out of DCs book and learn from Harley and Ivy, none of this nonsense. Why does this look like it was designed by a teenager on tumblr and not professional comic book artists? \n\nSuperheroes are supposed to be cool, powerful and badass. No one wants to see someone in what looks like a wet suit, with 1 lame superpower named snowflake.")
('Libertarian Left', 'But I want advertisements to not be mindless slog anymore. I miss the days when they were actually creative.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Bernie or bust!')
('Left', 'In NJ 16 and 17 year olds are "taxed" meaning they\'re run through the typical gauntlet of social security, federal, and state,. Albeit these also tend to be typical teenage jobs with whack schedules so it doesn\'t pay well. But as long as they file the standard tax return they have to recieve all that money back.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Now do prison inmates who pay taxes on earnings made while working in prison.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Thank god. This is the education reform I’ve wanted for eons. DeSantis has my 2024 vote for this alone. NGL thought he was a bit cringe. \n\nNote: this reform in no way effects me but should’ve been standardized well before elementary school art programs.')
('Left', 'libleft ruined my country, libleft ruined my green mnm waifu and now libleft ruined my candies')
('Left', '“They’re hyper aware of modern culture and optics, and they see their Super Heroics as ‘a post-ironic meditation on using violence to combat bullying.’”\n\nOk that’s actually funny')
('Right', 'I hate commies, but we both hate corporations who cheat the system.')
('Libertarian Left', "They're both libleft, they think this subreddit is stupid and all their sex is super weird.\n\nsorry I don't make the rules.")
('Left', 'I am in a local WhatsApp group with maybe 120 Bernie activists who used to meet to do test banking etc. Every single one is refusing to vote for Biden. Not one will vote for Trump though.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'me: no\n\n100 points towards environmentalism')
('Authoritarian Left', 'All hail the Grill Emperor of Mankind')
('Centrist', 'Apparently we need an amnesty period. “Hey, if anybody has classified documents from their time at the White House, please bring them forward. As long you turn them in before x date, all is forgiven.”\n\nThen we lock them up forever.')
('Libertarian Left', "Don't know why it's so controversial or hard to understand. They're trying to bait the Bernie supporters because Fox News would cum for six month straight if they got to spend that time blasting Bernie Sanders.\n\nI'd also argue status quo versus establishment is the 4th axis of the compass. You can do centrism in a way that doesn't look like the current Western status quo.")
('Libertarian Right', 'for me, they should\'ve taken that L way eariler, bad libright there sacrificing proffits to "s3Nd a mEsSaG3", now you are fucking forced to take a stance for everything which will probably annoy half of your customers.  \nfor Christs sake, they want you to give them chocolate, not to educate them')
('Left', 'Me next! Me next!')
('Authoritarian Left', 'When you were mocking the unflaired, I studied the grill. When you were having debates, I mastered the coal and propane . While you wasted your days at PCM in pursuit of laughs, I cultivated inner strength. And now that the world is in webs and the spiders are at the Overton Window you have the audacity to come to me for help.')
('Libertarian Left', 'NGL I actually agree with this.')
('Left', "When the whole compass can't tell that it's being mad-trolled by a multi-billion dollar company. RIP")
('Libertarian Left', 'Differently Interred')
('Libertarian Left', 'I am errect')
('Libertarian Right', "I have type two diabetes brought on by chemotherapy. It's not really uncommon. I've never been overweight or had an unhealthy diet. Great to know the communists think it's just something morbidly obese Americans deal with.")
('Libertarian Right', 'Worked in a job at a grocery store when I was 16 and questioned why the hell they could tax me when I couldn’t yet vote. I was also paying to be in a mandatory union at the time, and I regret not quitting sooner.')
('Right', 'Pence is a cuck. I don’t think anyone on the right likes him anymore after he turned on Trump.')
('Libertarian Right', 'r/libertarian is more so libleft/maybe libcenter but other than that god tier post')
('Centrist', 'Lmao....I can\'t wait, to see how the "intellectually superior "  side  reacts to this.')
('Libertarian Right', "Goddamn, I've seen false flags before but never a *literal* false flag...")
('Right', "It's way more important to teach kids personal finance than about the LGBTQ. Based decision")
('Right', 'I bet it’s Jussie Smollett under that mask.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Fascism has been on the rise since Mussolini. Nothing has changed.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Try me bitch ~~totally not because for the most part I\'ve stayed out of political subs over the past 2 or so years, and haven\'t commented in any "controversial" subs besides like once or twice in GRU, CringeAnarchy and *maaaaybe* WRD~~')
('Left', 'Holy shit baste af\n\nWho ***is*** that guy?')
('Libertarian Left', "It's not teaching anybody a lesson, Biden is just a bad canadate")
('Libertarian Right', 'Seriously with this much lore you should probably just right a book')
('Left', "Fellow leftists, north and south. If your state is tight, consider gritting your teeth and voting pragmatically to minimize the damage. If your state is a lock in either direction, consider voting Howie Hawkins. The more I look into him the more I like him and the direction he's moving the Green party (away from Jill Stein).")
('Libertarian Right', "Lib right more like: whatever, it's Reddit's private property")
('Libertarian Right', 'Ok AuthUnity listen up because this is the **ONE TIME** genocide is **ACCEPTABLE**. Make *US* proud.')
('Libertarian Right', "Green M&M was last year. Nobody has been complaining about it recently so I'm really thrown off.")
('Centrist', 'The Centrist staring at me fucking killed me.')
('Libertarian Left', 'I don\'t understand how it\'s possible for people to legitimately be freaking out this much about it. Bernie lost weeks ago. Dropping out was a formality.\n\nLook, I love the guy, and I absolutely think he would have been a better president than either Trump or Biden, but after Super Tuesday I knew his chances were slim-to-none, and they only got worse. I had friends still posting campaign stuff saying, "We\'re not done yet! The race isn\'t even halfway over!" and I kept trying to explain to them that election math doesn\'t work like that. Bernie didn\'t need to win by a little, he needed to win by a *lot.* Huge, double digit margins, week after week, state after state, all over the country, if he wanted to actually catch up to Biden.\n\nTurns out that radically improbable things don\'t happen very often. I\'m sorry. It sucks. That\'s life.')
('Libertarian Left', 'sometimes this website is alright. \n\nthanks, OP')
('Authoritarian Left', 'I CRY')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Ngl, that’s pretty op')
('Libertarian Left', 'what about hardcore libleft')
('Libertarian Right', 'Weird coming from a watermelon. But I suppose a blind squirrel finds a nut every now and then.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Why is Kropotkin in LibCenter, and who is LibLeft?')
('Right', "It's my turn!")
('Libertarian Left', 'pillar men')
('Libertarian Left', 'The error 404 country not found was funny and sad at the same time')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Liberals are imperialist now ayo 😳😳😳')
('Libertarian Right', 'I mean malcolm x did hate Jews so')
('Centrist', 'I don’t know about you guys but my compass is pointing north right now')
('Left', 'Holy shit, compass unity confirmed')
('Authoritarian Left', 'I once had an acid trip in which I thought the political compass was applicable to everything and part of the greater truth of the universe. Fun times.')
('Right', 'It’s not bad to be a nationalist lmao')
('Libertarian Right', 'This is one of the top posts on the whole sub and it will likely get deleted soon cause of the new horseshit admin rules on this sub')
('Left', "I mean there's a difference between unconditionally loving your country and praising it where it's due (and criticising when it's not).")
('Libertarian Left', 'Can someone nwordbot me I wanna know if I’ve ever said it')
('Libertarian Left', 'Actually, 100% agree.')
('Authoritarian Left', "My republican uncle wanted me to let yoy guys know that he thinks you're all libtards that just like to label things. That is all.")
('Libertarian Right', 'Niggas in my butthole niggas in my butthole')
('Libertarian Left', 'Yup, give them a vote.')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Haha AuthRight sub go banned')
('Libertarian Right', 'an agendapost, but no one seems to have a problem? it is based tho')
('Left', 'I mean for real, here’s your chance libright, go prove all of us wrong')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Updooooooooooooot')
('Right', 'u/savevideo')
('Libertarian Right', 'That random shit you made up for lib left is basically florida')
('Left', 'Nice')
('Authoritarian Left', "I can't believe I agreed with this fuck for a second")
('Authoritarian Right', 'Not only did my political opinions result in community acceptance of fellow autists, but it also gave me a substitute for a personality!')
('Centrist', 'This is so fucking dumb and childish')
('Libertarian Right', 'Proof they don’t give a shit about you')
('Libertarian Left', "I'm white af, when do I get this super human genius.")
('Right', 'Reagan was pretty great')
('Centrist', 'Were their names supposed to be a parody or something?')
('Centrist', 'Truly, a modern masterpiece')
('Libertarian Right', 'I would be unsurprised if the political class took another run at prohibition again at some point in the future.\n\nThe left because it is bad for you (like their war on tobacco) and the right because Jesus reasons.')
('Right', 'me in any paradox game')
('Centrist', 'There are times when the state needs to step in because the parent is not doing what they\'re supposed to do, but no arm of the state should be going behind the parent\'s back to do it.  That\'s the problem with the activists today.  Yes, kids should learn how to build some type of relationship with adults who aren\'t their parents.  However, not by having a secret life fostered by them.\n\nThat bookbag is bigger than the kid in that picture.  Nobody that young needs a "private life", in the way that it\'s likely intended in the article.')
('Libertarian Left', 'And thank you for giving fun to those of us who need escapes.')
('Right', 'Based middle east')
('Libertarian Left', 'Unless of course they want to let me vote')
('Libertarian Left', 'I mean there aren’t many countries there’s any reason to be proud of unless you’re auth so it makes sense.')
('Authoritarian Left', "I mean, I'm literally a Leninist and I got libleft on that thing. Wtf")
('Libertarian Left', 'The perfect AuthRight family structure is communist.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'They were found in Trump’s place, Biden’s, and now Pence’s. They might as look at current and former Presidents and VPs')
('Libertarian Right', 'I told a guildmate that my political position was basically anarcho capitalism like months ago. And he recently said to me something along the lines of "tell me about your spider politics".')
('Left', 'The wheezing dude could be any quadrant.')
('Libertarian Right', 'This is macho as fuck.')
('Right', 'LibLeft being highly original, as usual.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Oh no c’mon stop with actual asshole posts then because I don’t want this sub to be banned it is one in a million')
('Left', 'Hahaha this is hilarious.')
('Centrist', 'They be thinking a dead corpse is gonna jump out of the sarcophagus and be like “what you just called me!?!?”')
('Libertarian Right', 'Is it some generic Malcom X hoodie that you would need to argue for unprovable yet possible irony or one that\'s for his older own racism which can and has united the full on giga white racists with the pyscho racist Black Americans against majority society? Since rainbow or close to rainbow like stuff is too generic anyway for anything given amount of absolute moronic "reclaim the rainbow" guys and people just thinking its neat.\n\nSince showing its one or the other would be more convincing than how new the flags are.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'If replicators that can fabricate all the basic needs for people and can run on renewable energy and are so cheap every community can have one \n\nthen I could see how their ideas might work pretty well')
('Centrist', 'If this is true, then oh my god what a smart move')
('Authoritarian Left', "I have to agree with you OP. It's rough but a part of being a virtuous person is to not stand by your tribe when they fuck up, and hold them accountable.")
('Left', '«\xa0«\xa0«\xa0«\xa0Outside\xa0»\xa0»\xa0»\xa0»')
('Libertarian Right', 'So fucking true dudeeee')
('Right', "Subbreddits that call for unreasonable violence or death on others (Pretty much every far right sub) should be banned. If they have an extremist, hated, or unpopular view as long as they behave they should stay.\n\nr/gamersriseup is not an example of this. (I'm glad it's banned)")
('Libertarian Left', 'This is honestly a really great argument, how have I never heard this made before?')
('Libertarian Left', 'I think I have one time on this account, which I regret')
('Libertarian Right', 'Medieval is not the dark age')
('Libertarian Left', "I'm fine with free speech as long as it doesn't call for actual violence. Though I can be swayed about mental issues but that's only for like extreme cases.")
('Libertarian Left', 'At first read the libleft section and thought there are listed all the reasons Reagan is libleft. At the end I was like "wow, so fucking based"')
('Libertarian Right', 'I\'m gonna say it:\n\n\n\n\n"Free"')
('Right', 'The “In God We Trust” thing is a fallacy.\n\nI have a silver dollar from the 1800s (1864 was when it first appeared, less than 100 years after the founding) that has In God We Trust stamped on it.  It was added to paper currency and people use that as some sort of gotcha.')
('Authoritarian Right', "I don't care what the waiter looks like as long as my food's delicious")
('Authoritarian Left', "Funny enough, people are having less sex now then they did within the past 100 years iirc in developed countries. I'd assume modern entertainment and technology gives alternatives than just carnal pleasure which was mostly the only pleasure that existed in the past (food, drugs, alcohol, sex, torture chambers)")
('Authoritarian Left', 'freedom of speech is majorly overrated')
('Right', 'Amen')
('Left', 'I have just been made aware that the chad has lips')
('Left', 'UwU Hitler is looking fresh 🥵🤤 ngl')
('Authoritarian Right', "Look at all these screechers crying about Hitler's position on the compass lmfao")
('Authoritarian Right', 'No, babies lives matter')
('Centrist', 'Well goodbye then. Participation is voluntary and we will just make fun of you without your knowledge')
('Left', 'Least corrupt American politician')
('Right', 'Fantastic')
('Centrist', 'FinLit should have already been mandatory. I got it at private school, but the amount of stupidity I saw in that class...')
('Libertarian Right', 'u/nwordcountbot u/Superman175')
('Libertarian Right', 'If you make enough bank to be taxed, you can get representation by donating to politicians whose policies you agree with. You just might get more value from the donation than a vote ever can get.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Every time (((they))) ban a sub full of ironic Nazis and racists, they get a little less ironic.\n\nFacts.')
('Left', 'Belgian minors get paid untaxed as long as you can prove you had a legal contract with the employer.')
('Right', 'consoom ice cream')
('Right', 'What quadrant is the Hentai tentacle monster? Centrist?')
('Right', 'Sexy Milton Friedman *drool*')
('Centrist', 'For real I‘m not pro-prohibition, but if alcohol was illegal then I wouldn’t really mind')
('Libertarian Left', 'Who really cares though')
('Libertarian Left', 'cant relate ngl')
('Right', 'I mean, at this point we should start going diagonally')
('Libertarian Right', "Hey, when anyone fucks up the fed, i'm all for it!")
('Centrist', 'Lmao')
('Right', 'Ah yes, Auth-Left, well know for their... fair trials of political opponents and lenient policies towards the bourgeoisie and right-wingers ?')
('Right', 'I love the tomboy outback, but I get the feeling that everyone in the comments is sleeping on the milf dennys.')
('Centrist', "Lol I've never even seen that auth right wojack before")
('Authoritarian Left', 'For a moment i tought the Pope was LibRight')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Reddit speedrun goes brrrrr')
('Libertarian Right', 'The one, true ideology: We Are All Retarded.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Malcolm X was a step away from being an Islamofascist, and nazism is \\*really\\* popular among muslim extremists even without the promise of black nationalism')
('Libertarian Left', 'I saw a debate earlier today from a Bernie Bro on why to vote for trump rather than Biden this election season. Basically it was “the DNC won’t learn their lesson if we vote for Biden” and I think I lost brain cells when I heard it')
('Libertarian Right', "Abortion should be illegal, weed should be legal, and gay marriage shouldn't be a government issue it should be an individual/religious issue. NSA is shit torture should only be used for external terrorist threats and interventionism is ass. I would say I'm definitely more lib right imo")
('Libertarian Left', 'Biden > Bernie unironically.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Reject democracy embrace liftocracy')
('Authoritarian Left', 'No. I refuse')
('Left', 'Goth femboy hooters PLEASE')
('Centrist', "That's it. I'm done. I'm trading in the grill for an M60.")
('Right', 'Tip the machine? Nah son, stupidty tax.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Yes, bust me step sis. Bust me bad.')
('Libertarian Left', 'u/userleansbot u/g4vg4v')
('Right', "The whole article seems like it's off the Onion")
('Libertarian Left', 'Holy shit compass unity?')
('Libertarian Left', 'i used to be an edgy asshole, so i wanna see my results')
('Libertarian Right', 'Unironically wrote in Vermin Supreme in a city election where both candidates were Dems.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Yes.')
('Libertarian Left', 'I think I’m in love with all of you.')
('Right', 'You guys ever notice that the people who say race is a social construct also weirdly hype up certain attributes of different races?')
('Left', 'Congratulations, you unified the libs')
('Libertarian Right', '“Banning guns makes things safer because criminals will have to follow the law!” - LibLeft, probably')
('Authoritarian Right', 'This post is brought to you by brainwashed leftist #99999!')
('Libertarian Right', 'Centrist protein intake paying off')
('Authoritarian Right', 'u/nwordcountbot u/Terryr29')
('Libertarian Left', 'The test doesn’t measure retardedness, its already inherit to people taking it.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'I think both if them should be held to the same standard')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Did... did LibRight just make a Good Point?')
('Right', 'u/VredditDownloader')
('Libertarian Left', 'Idk. Every time I come to this subreddit i just see some right winger spewing racist and bigoted bullshit "as a meme"')
('Libertarian Left', 'I, too, have a mustache')
('Right', 'Why does this horse have eyelashes done?')
('Libertarian Right', '“You have no idea what Jesus or Buddha would have thought today. Maybe they would have approved of the Thousand Year Aryan Reich Ethno-State and death camps for unbelievers.To think otherwise is silly.”')
('Authoritarian Right', 'How many firefighters are arrested for arson? Look up that number')
('Authoritarian Right', "I'll take bruh moment for 30")
('Left', 'Ahem\n\n!!ATTENTION AHS!!\n\nNIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER \n\nThank you for your time')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Don\'t say "Mummy", say "Snack"!')
('Libertarian Right', '"Big government if it is our government"')
('Libertarian Right', 'UN being a Femboy is accurate seeing their military record')
('Centrist', 'Request for female version')
('Libertarian Right', 'Ok, commie')
('Libertarian Left', 'GOP the nanosecond civil rights protesters carry guns:')
('Libertarian Left', 'I want to see how this is done. I will only be happy if they play it **completely** straight. No puns. No winking or nodding at the camera. No jokey political commentary. (Serious and well-done political commentary is fine.) Simply write the story as though there were nothing significant about those names and let their perfectly normal existence piss off right-wing snowfla...\n\nOH GOD OH FUCK')
('Right', " bethesda middle east doing god/yahweh/allah's work")
('Centrist', 'all he had to do was hold the flag like the others. dumbass')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Goddamn jarliks ruining the neighborhood')
('Libertarian Left', 'I’m hot')
('Right', 'That was certainly one of the stranger posts on this sub.')
('Centrist', 'amazing meme in these trying times.')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Why did you write Häagen-Dazs in two different ways and misspell both?')
('Left', 'FUCKING COMRADE TUCKER OVER HERE LMAOOOO \n\nquality content')
('Centrist', 'I mean you can be Black and be a nazi, look at Ye for instance')
('Right', 'Tucker is so insufferable')
('Libertarian Right', 'Dogs are superior.')
('Right', 'gonna become auth-centre again')
('Centrist', 'Oh my god')
('Left', 'This is beautiful')
('Libertarian Left', 'Nationalism is cringe')
('Right', '"You want the government to ban abortion"\n\n"So you\'re AuthRight"\n\nExcuse me, forbidding murder is neither big government nor authoritarian. And nothing, absolutely nothing in this picture has justified the "right" part, since economics wasn\'t even mentioned.')
('Right', "I need to know who made the call to basically let them in. My opinion of the events is hard to make up without that key piece of info. I didn't see any violence or weapons either besides trying to push through doors. Heard about the improvised explosives but the whole thing seemed very unorganized. Like they went in, took some photo ops, took some stuff, and then just left. I don't know how anyone can call that an insurrection.")
('Right', 'This but unironically. Really fucked me off when I was wee young lad.')
('Authoritarian Right', "hahaha plot twist I've always claimed to be a massive retard")
('Libertarian Left', 'BASED AND MATERIALISMPILLED.\n\nhttps://youtu.be/9nPVkpWMH9k')
('Right', "Lil' Nazbol")
('Libertarian Left', '[This sub is full of people who maintain that GRU was still satire/sarcasm to the very end.](https://i.imgur.com/FwpsY9w.png)')
('Authoritarian Right', 'This is based beyond belief.')
('Libertarian Right', 'You’re both idiots tbh\n\nThat said, Emily never deserves to be drawn as a chad')
('Authoritarian Right', 'This is some giga cringe, is this the quality the sub is pumping out now? Could’ve sworn I’ve seen some other globalist shit like this earlier this week')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Tucker Karlson')
('Libertarian Right', 'One of those with 100g in my country is like 15$')
('Right', "Never ask an authright their first post in Reddit and don't check it.")
('Libertarian Left', 'deleted')
('Left', "This had to be done intentionally to garner hate-clicks and media attention. There's no fucking way this was someone's serious attempt at relating to the youth.")
('Libertarian Right', 'Hello')
('Libertarian Left', 'January: Austrailian Fires\n\nFebruary: Rona emerges\n\nMarch: Lockdown\n\nApril: Fox backs Bernie\n\nMay: Ireland invades Germany\n\nJune: Pigs fly\n\nJuly: Hell freezes over\n\nAugust: Hell thaws and this shit continues u til December')
('Libertarian Left', 'Unironically the best post on this sub, a hint of libleft bad, with a nice flair of centrist peacemaker meme, and then a final burst of AuthRight bad, truly a wonderful meme. Enjoy my platinum')
('Libertarian Right', 'Hell yeah')
('Libertarian Left', 'Gotta support libleft’s logo for having their own built in quadrant system')
('Libertarian Right', 'At least they remembered to stack their FBI windbreakers outside of the frame.')
('Authoritarian Left', "Can't cuck the Tuck, just like you can't Mossad the Assad.")
('Right', 'That’s also what sadly King Charles called his mother. Prince William cannot be king soon enough. but this is coming from an American, so take it with a grain of salt England.')
('Libertarian Left', 'He’s right... but when he advocates for workers to realize class struggle and stop being lied to, he does realize the main people fucking them over with lies is republicans and Fox News, right? I mean maybe he knows this and just can’t say anything about it bc he can’t show his true based commie opinions on TV')
('Libertarian Left', 'this post is ironic since self entitled phony progressives helped trumpie fascism thrive \n\n\nThank goodness they are no where near any power')
('Authoritarian Right', 'I feel personally attacked.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Gamer testing time')
('Libertarian Right', 'This shit means literally nothing')
('Libertarian Right', 'Turkey Hill for life')
('Libertarian Right', 'A baby seal walks into a bar.  The bartender asks "What can I get you?"\n\nThe baby seal says "Anything as long as it\'s not a Canadian Club".')
('Left', 'This is some grade A shitposting by marvel')
('Libertarian Right', 'r/all really loves this')
('Authoritarian Left', 'I was the perfect 400 hundred upvoter')
('Right', 'BASED\n\nTucker For President 2024')
('Libertarian Right', 'u/nwordcountbot u/Glacial_Freeze')
('Right', 'Thank heavens I live in California where my children will learn the much more important subject of Ethnic Studies.  Surely that will benefit them more!\n\nhttps://edsource.org/2021/california-becomes-first-state-to-require-ethnic-studies-in-high-school/662219')
('Libertarian Right', '>in the corner meme\n\n"none of these plebs understand the nature of the subjective theory of value and how this perfectly explains this volunteerist behavior"')
('Centrist', "Why is Hitler dual wielding what looks like m9s pr 1911s shouldn't it be a luger or a mauser given his obsession with imperial german militaria?")
('Libertarian Right', 'Based DeSantis.')
('Libertarian Right', 'I got to admit the vírus made me a little more auth after seeing stupid cunts fleeing to the streets')
('Libertarian Right', 'Nah, I’m just a retard.')
('Libertarian Left', 'It sure would be a shame if his house mysteriously burned down with him it. Sure would be a shame if that were to happen.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'I’ve been kicking for awhile gamers')
('Left', 'Unpopular opinion but LIB LEFT IS SLYTHERIN AND AUTH LEFT IS GRIFFINDOR')
('Centrist', 'u/SaveThisVideo')
('Authoritarian Right', 'We are gonna see a huge percentage drop of libleft and commies in florida in a few years guys')
('Libertarian Left', 'I could take em, but not in a fight.')
('Left', 'arachno-anarcho-communists, spin your webs together! But without hierarchy!')
('Libertarian Left', "I'm 18 now so who care")
('Libertarian Left', 'Tucker Carlson Nazbol Gang')
('Libertarian Right', 'Beautiful...... No words can describe the emotions I feel towards this work of art')
('Right', 'Is that Milton Friedman?')
('Centrist', 'Considering there were a couple of Republican Congressional members who didn\'t seem to understand that Rage Against The Machine was singing about people like them, and more recently people bitching about Pink Floyd being "woke" because of what their album logo looks like. I just assume a lot of right wing people simply can\'t even comprehend irony.')
('Libertarian Left', 'We will overthrow the oppresive system. What tf is gender studies? Thats at best a part of psychology used in one study every two years. I know noone like this lol\n\nEdit: Searched it up, it exists, but why? *Its just another part of psychology?*')
('Libertarian Left', "Do y'all remember when the left was regarded as the easy one to trigger?\n\nNow I just hope that they make a trans woman m&m so that I can watch Tucker Carlson's head explode")
('Libertarian Left', 'I never thought I would find myself agreeing with the court jester of American neofascism, but I suppose we really are living in strange times')
('Right', 'Pretty based answers, actually.')
('Libertarian Left', "I've seen so many Jojo Rabbit memes, seems like a great movie, anyone know where I can watch it? It's not on Netflix...")
('Centrist', 'Those are some serious  mummy issues')
('Left', "Just look at Makhno's slick bangs...ahh...NOPE NOPE, not going to go coomer! This subreddit is cancerous enough already!")
('Libertarian Right', 'Nestlé Smarties have always been nicer than M&Ms anyway')
('Libertarian Right', 'Honestly imma miss those m&m ads…')
('Right', 'That’s true tho')
('Right', 'Basically ‘equality’ was good in MLKs day in the white dominated society, but unnecessary today as the pendulum swings away from that. Cool')
('Centrist', "In the UK you don't pay income tax until you're voting age")
('Libertarian Left', 'I mean, looking at what certain politicians are saying about the pandemic, they seem like they do want everyone to just die.')
('Right', 'Grass is a left-wing psyop!  You liberals will never make me touch grass!')
('Libertarian Right', 'There are only two')
('Libertarian Left', 'Jill Stein Doomers rise up')
('Libertarian Left', "That kid is really cool and powerful at 13 with his body spiders. Definitely A level. But when he's an adult he will wear glasses constantly to hide his tears.")
('Libertarian Left', 'This is cultural imperialism')
('Libertarian Right', 'Both are mental gymnastics compared to the Chad xenophobe who simply hates you all for being foreign with no need for “genetics” or “statistics”')
('Left', "Isn't democratic socialism solidly in the authleft quadrant?")
('Authoritarian Right', 'Opposite people who don’t vote shouldn’t have to pay taxes for that election term')
('Libertarian Right', 'Ron deBasedis')
('Libertarian Left', 'This is retarded as fuck')
('Right', 'This motherfuckers. \n\nGod damn I hate them. They appear only to fear monger every couple of years. I remember when Trump won the election for some stupid reason they set it to 30 seconds to midnight or something like that. God knows why.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Who cares')
('Libertarian Right', 'I regret nothing')
('Left', "Only I will get this but as a future note to myself even I didn't expect to see a buff Pinochet next to buff Hitler and buff Trotsky under buff Stalin and buff Burke just as I picked up the tools to draw the oppote of a buff Nazi")
('Libertarian Right', "A Willard class arachno-communist, I see.  Controlling a whole species of animal is a powerful skill. Can't wait to see what you do with it.")
('Libertarian Left', "visitor from /r/all here.  This is the first thing i've seen come out of this sub that didn't make me think y'all are idiots.  This is beautiful.")
('Centrist', 'marxcels lmfao first time ive seen that one')
('Libertarian Left', 'I feel like the government would look at the points, agree, and then make it illegal for 16 and 17 year olds to work')
('Centrist', "Then immigrants shouldn't be taxed because they don't get to vote")
('Right', 'God bless the USA boys')
('Libertarian Right', 'Beautiful')
('Centrist', 'Fiery, but mostly peaceful *storming of the Capitol building*')
('Centrist', 'Everyone gets a free grill')
('Libertarian Left', 'based.')
('Centrist', 'But how will future generations complain about student loans now?')
('Right', 'Canada or Europe?')
('Libertarian Right', "Trump's never really campaigned on anything relating to gay marriage. And the NSA and stuff was more so Bush, but yeah you're totally correct.")
('Libertarian Right', 'Gee, Golly this post isn\'t biased or boring at all\n\nand before you say\n\n"but all post are like this" it don\'t excuse making a bad post and those post are cringe too.')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Ahem\n\n!!ATTENTION AHS!!\n\nNIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER\n\nThank you for your time')
('Libertarian Left', 'Ok the irony of all of this is that HE IS EVERYTHING HE IS DESCRIBING. He’s a trust fund baby who hasn’t done real work a day in his life, and is an overpaid Fox News anchor. There are literally recordings of him saying how much he hates poor people.')
('Libertarian Right', 'r/technicallythetruth')
('Right', 'Common Florida W')
('Right', 'This pisses me off for multiple contradictory reasons')
('Centrist', 'Why is nuclear war more probable now then it was last week?')
('Authoritarian Left', 'International students in the US too, we pay for taxes and can’t vote')
('Centrist', 'I still don’t understand what all this is about.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Until you find out the money they gave you they previously stole out of your back pocket.')
('Right', 'Source: \nhttps://mobile.twitter.com/joncoopertweets/status/1617875702594043905')
('Left', "All the drug dealers I've ever met are right wingers lmao")
('Centrist', 'Based as fuck... centrists unite!!')
('Libertarian Left', 'This is 100% a publicity stunt')
('Libertarian Left', 'It’s a painful meme')
('Libertarian Right', 'Average wait time for a specialised appointment is what in central/west Europe? 1 to 2 weeks unless it is emergency care. Just because Canada and GB can’t run healthcare doesn’t mean the rest can’t. Also implying that the EU has a similar healthcare system amongst all its members is absolutely hilariously america.')
('Left', 'On the news coverage, I saw a guy in the crowd waving a white-power Kekistan flag. The gamers and 4chan retards have officially infiltrated the US government.')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Works great in Sweden.')
('Centrist', 'Funnily enough, they aren’t.\n\nThe only successful nations left are libertarian and progressive ones. ( Chinas fucking itself, Russia is… Russia, North Koreas starving at us, African warlords are about as successful as well, warlords can be).\n\n The only instances of authoritarian states lasting a long time is either, they were actually libleft/right for the time period, had very smart people who rose up thanks to progressivism or hardly exerted any influence on the citizens of their nations (i.e, not very authright.')
('Libertarian Left', '😕')
('Libertarian Left', "Hello, fellow homosexuals. It is us, _**[MULTI-BILLION DOLLAR CORPORATION]**_. Here to remind you that we support your lifestyle now that it has been federally legalised and that it is completely socially safe,allowing us to capitalize your existence now it's mainstream. Look, we even changed the colours of _**[LOGO]**_ ! Why did we wait this long to come out and 'support' you? Haha, no questions homosexual. Buy our product. _Buy our product._ _**BUY OUR PRODUCT.**_")
('Centrist', 'Ungoliant be like')
('Right', "the test is really garbage though, but that's probably why we're all collectively retarded\n\n>inb4 he said collectively")
('Centrist', 'Wait wait wait, he’s on to something...')
('Libertarian Left', '“This is beautiful, I’ve been staring at this for 5 hours now')
('Libertarian Left', 'Hmm good on them for respecting the ancient dead that they ripped out of the ground and flew across the continent after eating most of them')
('Libertarian Left', '*skitters*')
('Libertarian Right', 'Define success?')
('Centrist', "I've learned so much from the retards of PCM")
('Centrist', ' I mean unironically is this a bad thing? Like taking away funni colors: this seems like something a highschool kid should learn about. It’s like, a fundamental part of adulthood. You need to learn to manage your finances. So yeah, I mean, I feel like this should be a part of common core')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Weezer (Blue Album)')
('Libertarian Left', 'The city of DC would like a word')
('Centrist', 'Ah thanks, now the grill grabber is going to keep me awake for the rest of my life')
('Right', 'Kissinger still alive. Fuck')
('Libertarian Left', 'I love how he says all this, then he’ll imply that these class elitists are the Democrats and liberals.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Altrights in Japan and South Korea on Twitter & Facebook are circlejerking on questionable evidences that Antifa is the one who stormed the Capitol makes me sick')
('Libertarian Right', "M&M are bland terrible candy. Reese's pieces are where it is at.")
('Libertarian Left', 'This is for sure a build up to a Super Bowl commercial')
('Right', 'Hitler was AuthCenter?')
('Centrist', 'But they both have dicks')
('Libertarian Left', 'But it IS a magazine. Based libright')
('Libertarian Right', '500 King’s breaths')
('Centrist', 'LibRight is probably the most memed-on side of the compass.')
('Right', 'Conspiracy theory time: Centrists are making these memes to try to convince libleft they are being manipulated by authright, to trick them into voting for Biden out of spite for authright.')
('Right', "Won't lie I was kinda scared when, while scrolling, along, this extremely loud music starts playing. 10/10 for scaring me with your compassception.")
('Left', "I'm not like these other idiots.\n\nI get my news from a RELIABLE SOURCE.")
('Authoritarian Left', 'As full left I think this is a fucking hilarious joke to prod the cringey skeptic/anti-sjw side of the internet.')
('Libertarian Right', 'u/nwordcountbot\n u/c1tiz3n')
('Authoritarian Right', 'The problem is our two party system. You have the Center Right - Right wing Republican Party that encompasses everyone from libertarians to conservatives and nazis to just right leaning dudes and the Center Right - Left wing Democratic Party which encompasses everything from Moderate conservatives to centrists to communists, and those 2 parties are like the only viable options you have.\n\nAs a result, things like this happen.')
('Authoritarian Left', 'u/savevideo')
('Libertarian Right', "Who's right unity? Adam Smith?")
('Left', 'nword')
('Left', 'I laugh at all racist memes equally')
('Centrist', 'America in the 60’s')
('Left', 'I am no longer asking. Touch grass 🔫\n\nSide note you almost crashed my phone')
('Libertarian Left', 'left-wing nationalism is a thing. tiocfaidh ár lá!')
('Libertarian Right', "The irony of government schools teaching financial literacy. If I trust anyone to run a budget it's definitely not the government. Typical libertarian talking points aside this is actually good though. People are idiots about money these days")
('Libertarian Right', "Loving this whole meme arc. Can't wait for Aborted PCM Cinematic Universe")
('Left', 'M&Ms are M&Ms!!!')
('Libertarian Left', 'u/nwordcountbot u/TheHarbarmy')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Big ups')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Made me LOL')
('Authoritarian Left', 'LIBTARDS? OWNED. 😎')
('Right', 'I just hope people pay fucking attention. Learning basic financial literacy was the single most helpful thing I learned I. High school.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Needs purple LibRight')
('Centrist', 'Silly you. Anyone can be a political expert on the internet')
('Authoritarian Left', 'I kind of want some pancakes rn')
('Right', 'At least he had good jokes')
('Centrist', 'A better idea is to not engage in online political discussion cuz 50/50 they are trolling or fucking batshit insane no matter the affiliation right or left')
('Authoritarian Left', 'ohhhhh Falcons fan that explains a lot')
('Libertarian Right', '…yet in the end, all of these so-called Chads work in fields that have continuous “fundraisers” which beg and shame people to contribute the resources they need to pursue their goals of service.  If something is worth doing or having, people are willing to pay for the service.   Is there a better scam than the Carol Baskin “Tiger rescue charity” business models?  So many selfless volunteers!')
('Left', 'Wasn\'t there one where the "KKK" showed up but one of them forgot to put his Klan gloves on showing his black hand? 🤣')
('Authoritarian Right', 'I only hear this garbage from right wingers pretending to be lefties.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Baste')
('Libertarian Left', 'This is hilarious.')
('Libertarian Right', "I don't care about representation, I much rather not be taxed at all.")
('Libertarian Left', "I was so confused. I read that as the tumor being the cause for her defense of capitalism. I didn't understand why this would be libright.")
('Libertarian Left', 'Based and grill God-pilled')
('Libertarian Left', 'Are they going vampire hunting?')
('Centrist', 'u/savethisvideo')
('Centrist', 'Guys 2022’s gonna be great I’m sure of it.')
('Libertarian Right', 'u/nwordcountbot u/PokemoncuTurk')
('Libertarian Left', 'I mean any time a race based issue comes up everybody swarms to bring up "what MLK would think". At least Emily is self aware enough to know that we have no clue how he personally would react today.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Ruuuuule Britania')
('Centrist', 'If you get laid off will you be able to collect unemployment insurance??')
('Centrist', '[here’s](https://imgur.com/gallery/1oDODUW) every frame for closer inspection\n\nEdit: hi everyone from All')
('Libertarian Left', "You can't just grill for your own sake")
('Centrist', 'My country is more country than your country')
('Right', 'I’d give you gold if i had any. Top tier post.')
('Centrist', 'All hail the ripped griller')
('Left', 'Love it or hate it, this community is definitely the place to go for putting your opinion out there.')
('Centrist', 'Other side of the same coin, wanting to live in independent communes but also wanting universal healthcare. I cri evertim')
('Centrist', 'Biased are not shifting on everyone')
('Centrist', 'We are on r/all guys. We became mainstream')
('Centrist', 'The yearn for tribalism is too strong in people.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Sam Hyde as lib center?? Based')
('Authoritarian Left', 'BERNIE GONE AAAAAAAAAAAA')
('Libertarian Left', 'Big tech is curating what I see and this is the bullshit they chose for me?')
('Centrist', 'Just so you guys know I took the test and it said lib left. I didn’t understand most of the questions. u/nwordcountbot')
('Libertarian Left', 'For most people it doesn\'t matter if democrats or republicans are at the helm for decades already. Their life only ever got worse.\n\nAt least with Trump a lot of the neo-liberal "progressives" are feeling bad about it sometimes. And they are all losing power and influence. Especially internationally.')
('Left', "voting doesn't work.")
('Libertarian Left', "Here's daily mail pushing that culture war again.")
('Libertarian Right', 'This is peak PCM')
('Authoritarian Left', "Ew liking a country that isn't Japan")
('Right', 'This is a strawman and a misinterpretation of "small government".\n\nRepublicans are for small government in terms of limiting federal force used over our own citizenry. It doesn\'t mean Republicans are for the NSA spying on citizens. In fact, most Republicans are very critical federal power.\n\nA strong military doesn\'t necessarily mean "big government".  The reality is you need a strong military for your countries defense. Also things like interventionism is something almost every world power is engaged in. Its not a Republican invention and many Democrats have supported interventionism as well. This is just general US foreign policy.\n\n"Support torture" is also a ridiculous characterization. Republicans support gaining intel that protect the homeland.\n\nAbortion isn\'t a small government issue. It\'s a philosophical life issue. The left tends to be pro-population control because they are central planners and think abortion is a means to equality not freedom. Not to mention the billions that go into government paid abortions.\n\nI haven\'t seen many Republicans running on banning gay marriage or keeping weed illegal. I think younger Republicans have different positions on both of these issues.\n\nThat being said, sure there are many AuthRight, LibRight, and Centrist Republicans as there are AuthLeft Democrats and LibLeft and Centrist Democrats.  Why aren\'t Democrats held to such purity tests as much as Republicans are?')
('Right', "Does that mean that on M&M bags it's gonna be Maya Rudolph instead of the M&Ms?")
('Authoritarian Right', 'Can someone n_word count me? I think I’ve been on my best behavior')
('Centrist', 'I like how there are no women in the pic.')
('Left', 'Brownie Batter Core gang rise up')
('Left', "The main reason so much junk science gets churned out these days is because it is produced out of selfish greed by people who need publications on their resumes to get/keep jobs, and don't actually care much about the science or aren't particularly talented at it.  Many fields would do better with 1/10th the scientists and publications, with only passionate and skilled people who would do it for free because they love it ever publishing.")
('Centrist', 'They always have been offended snowflakes, albeit in a different way than the lefties')
('Libertarian Left', 'Is this actually a thing in the US? In the UK 16 & 17 year olds are never taxed.')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Vermin Supreme is a tax & spend liberal.  Paid for by the committee to elect Charles Manson Hitler.')
('Centrist', 'I can find the document but not the quote - could you ref. what page or chapter this quote appears in for archive purposes?')
('Libertarian Right', 'Gee there sure are a lot of adults who aren\'t their parents but are very interested in being part of their "private lives" 🧐')
('Libertarian Left', 'GO FOR THE MOONS AN AAAAA-RACHNO, AN ARACHNO!\n\n-What I hear in the breakdown part of All Star')
('Authoritarian Right', 'I don\'t understand why everyone is so worried about women aborting, we actually don\'t need them anymore to "produce" more humans/babies. Maybe they don\'t know about this beauty:\n\nhttps://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Artificial_womb\n\nWomen can do whatever the fuck they want with their fetuces.')
('Authoritarian Right', "U don't fear the clock, I fear the humans that are actually stupid enough to suck up into believing it")
('Centrist', '#daily reminder you’re all neo Nazis')
('Libertarian Right', 'Hot take but can we stop calling people communists/fascists/nazis just because we don’t like them? Overusing terms like this makes it much harder to distinguish the real ones.')
('Libertarian Right', 'They should be allowed no matter how reprehensible the content!')
('Centrist', 'True lib-right is fine with it because Reddit is a private company and has the right to censor what it wants')
('Libertarian Right', 'u/downloadbot')
('Libertarian Right', 'u/Richtofen123 u/nwordcountbot')
('Centrist', 'Why would LIB Left support prohibition? They live for drinking their IPA in their loft with exposed brick.')
('Authoritarian Right', "If someone poisons a river with industrial waste and a bunch of people die, that's bad, but it's not genocide.")
('Centrist', '**~~Four~~** **Eight legs good**, **Two legs bad**')
('Libertarian Right', 'Give a man a grill, and he can eat for a day. Teach a man to grill, and he can yeet political compass for a lifetime.')
('Right', 'This leftist propaganda isn’t even remotely believable lol')
('Libertarian Left', 'I agree, am 16, and dont pay and taxes (in Germany)')
('Left', "You forgot to mention that moment where you see a racist meme, people laughing at it in the comments, wanting to point out the flaws with it, but don't because it would make things awkward.")
('Right', "Protesting isn't pointless. People just protest for a lot of stupid things.")
('Centrist', "ben and jerry is just not nearly as good as people say, I'd rather eat coaticook or haagen daaz")
('Libertarian Left', "Femboy UN wasn't on my bingo card")
('Libertarian Right', 'Lib left being un characteristically based')
('Libertarian Left', 'Swish the right panels and you have the authright  reactions')
('Libertarian Right', '/u/nwordcountbot /u/TheBlankVerseKit')
('Left', "Not American, but still feeling bad for the guys who ended up with Biden. This meme's cheered me up a bit.")
('Libertarian Right', 'Ni-')
('Centrist', 'u/nwordcountbot u/StormTiger2304')
('Libertarian Right', 'Yea I would 100% trade the stimulus check for a postponement of the income tax but go off')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Yeah, definitely this but unironically')
('Libertarian Right', 'How about no tax')
('Libertarian Right', "Just try not to say the nword. It's not that hard, just get different slurs. Upgrade your dog-whistle game.")
('Authoritarian Left', 'I wish')
('Authoritarian Right', "don't they usually have to do that step first before they put on that flair?")
('Libertarian Right', 'You can still see the creases on all of those freshly unfurled flags. Glowies glowing glowily.')
('Libertarian Left', 'My god.\n\nWhy?')
('Libertarian Right', "https://www.reddit.com/r/AgainstHateSubreddits/comments/fsnias/hope_this_fits_but_bad_cop_no_donut_is_kinda_glad/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share\n\nFound this pretty funny. Against hate but oh shit it's a subreddit saying cops should die, we hate cops etc.... Here's a bunch of reasons why this is totally ok and not a hate subreddit. \n\nAgainst hate subreddits is NOT against hate subreddits, they're against subreddits they don't like")
('Centrist', 'This is bad but I died of laughter when I first saw it')
('Libertarian Left', 'My only real beef with this is that it states the 2A isn’t being threatened, when it definitely is.')
('Right', 'Then give the fucking dead back to Egypt along with everything else in that vault of stolen artifacts you call a museum.')
('Right', 'I want to forget this filth')
('Centrist', "Four reasons:\n\n1) They got banned because they have the wrong opinion (black people statistically commit more crime than white people).\n\n2) They got banned because they are literal white supremacists (all black people are criminals).\n\n3) They got banned because they meme'd too close to the sun (13% of the population commits 52% of the crime).\n\n4) They created an alt so they don't get their main account banned for any of the above.\n\n5) (((Russian Trolls)))\n\nEdit: added #5")
('Authoritarian Right', 'Rip and tear until it is done')
('Right', 'Left wing extremists in the 19th and 20th century: “We will overthrow the oppressive system and somehow make one that’s even fucking worse.”')
('Right', 'Haha funny nightmare.\nNow pay up for your nightmare pass.\n$420.69 please.')
('Libertarian Left', 'I genuinely love it here, its gonna be a huge shame when the neo fascists of A*S get their way.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Wait, how do yall get those titles n shit')
('Centrist', 'This is the kinda high effort stuff we’ve been starved for lately, seriously dude, well done')
('Authoritarian Right', "as someone who is unburying themselves from debt (only 4-5 months left), I wish this was a thing when I was in school.   \n\n\nI'll still use a card but it's going to be in a manner that I can pay off immediately or at the end of the month.   \n\n\nSeriously, If your thinking of getting a credit card and not sure if you are responsible enough to use it, then Don't get it and wait till you are 100% sure you are responsible enough.")
('Authoritarian Right', "Now they're doing it to the west, and if we say anything we're racist..")
('Libertarian Right', 'Why not just call em the AuthRiot just for a day?')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Agreed. We need genuine representation for 16 to 17 yos.')
('Libertarian Right', 'I honestly don’t really are about classified documents being found by anyone. I only want to know what the documents are.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Women should not be brunt in pyre for "witchcraft"')
('Libertarian Right', 'glad to know that i’m a lib still')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Ewwww compass unity')
('Libertarian Left', 'Some one tag xlbeutel u/xlbeutel')
('Authoritarian Right', 'lmao vote? i pray, because only God will bring victory')
('Left', "Why the fuck isn't there any fucking slurs I can sling about this. I've got to make do with calling them corporate cunts, and it just doesn't have the weight I'm looking for.")
('Right', "I don't like how touchy feely these underage twins are with eachother, in the other promo picture they're embracing like lovers in a 'his and her' perfume advert.\n\nI know media is full of incestuous, perverted pedophiles who have been putting fetish stuff into kids cartoons for decades but at least they used to be subtle at it.")
('Centrist', '_something something_ JFK')
('Libertarian Right', 'so we finally end up fighting the system and storming the government... for guys that want more government? what a waste')
('Right', 'Call of Duty Spiritual Warfare leak')
('Right', 'It honestly depends on the Republican,')
('Libertarian Right', 'I have a master in international economy but I have to admit that anyone with strong political opinion is kind of retarded (me included).')
('Centrist', 'Do people really care about guns when it comes to robberies? The big argument is school shootings.')
('Left', 'Pretty accurate 👌')
('Authoritarian Right', 'That’s what alt accounts are for!')
('Centrist', 'Don’t these kind of people also say it’s fine to punch up?  It’s a bit difficult to go higher than a literal Pharaoh that is resting in a bigger coffin than any of us ever will.')
('Centrist', 'Im gonna test myself to see if I dropped the bomb')
('Centrist', 'You are represented by population count tho')
('Libertarian Right', 'This is honestly my fave sub. People getting mocked and laughing at it, so wholesome...')
('Right', 'Middle east is just auth right unity and their worst enemy is also an auth right unity')
('Authoritarian Left', 'u/nwordcountbot u/Dovahkiin3641')
('Right', "I'm out of the loop, could someone explain what's happening?")
('Right', 'Ronald Reagan should’ve represented right :(')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Based leftcenter')
('Centrist', 'u/redditsaver')
('Right', "PC: Do you think capitalism is the greatest thing to ever happen to planet earth?\n\nMe: no, but I think it's the best we hav-\n\nPC: Authleft.")
('Left', "Remind me again what firearm is the most responsible for gun deaths in America...? \n\nHint: it isn't a ~~long gun~~ assault rifle...")
('Right', 'A story that will never happen')
('Centrist', 'Bruh u/Tank_Dempsey58 u/nwordcountbot')
('Right', 'Never thought that FOX News would be this woke')
('Libertarian Left', 'Uh oh')
('Left', 'Does anyone have names? I can recognize just like 3')
('Libertarian Right', "# EVERYONE I DON'T LIKE IS LITERALLY HITLER LITERALLY HITLER LITERALLY HITLER ♪")
('Right', "Malcom X was an ethnonationalist. Here's a pic of Nazi's listening to a Malcom X speech:\n\n[https://rarehistoricalphotos.com/george-lincoln-rockwell-attend-nation-islam-1961/](https://rarehistoricalphotos.com/george-lincoln-rockwell-attend-nation-islam-1961/)")
('Right', 'Welp, got me there.')
('Left', '*sweats profusely*')
('Libertarian Right', 'I never thought I’d fall in love with a popular political subreddit but here we are')
('Centrist', 'almost forgot to do my daily point and laugh at british people')
('Libertarian Right', "No child deserves a private life be they trans or straight.\n\nChildren are fucking stupid and do dumb shit that will have consequences if not monitored.  Parents should not treat their children like live in tenants or fellow adults.  Your child is not your friend.  They are your child.\n\nMonitor your child's behaviors and actions.")
('Authoritarian Left', "Why should we recognize different nations, If we can all be one under a Worker's Paradise? Nationalism is imperialism and must be exterminated. There should be no Super-Powers. Only communes. Just communes...")
('Left', 'But you come full circle when you start thinking about who occupies these classes')
('Centrist', 'Holy shit this actually got argentiniumnI thought that award was a joke')
('Centrist', 'fuck off')
('Left', 'If I say “abolish taxes, only tax the rich” does that make me libright? Or libleft?\n\nEdit: spelling.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'The based through which all other baseds are measured')
('Libertarian Left', 'Both the police and *M I K E  P E N C E* are on our side on this one.\n\n\n##MIKE PENCE')
('Right', 'What Trumpian supports the NSA and interventionism?  Trump won out over the GOP competition because he opposed those things')
('Libertarian Left', 'This might just be a bit for the Super bowl')
('Left', 'Haha holy shit')
('Left', 'It almost makes me not want to vote at all. But if I only voted for people I liked then I’d never be voting at all')
('Libertarian Right', 'who')
('Libertarian Right', "I'm a transplant patient that doesn't give a shit if you wear a mask around me or not. I think vaccinations should be voluntary and no law should hold dominion over anyone and their body (that goes for abortions too!)\n\nRATM's statement about people that choose not to get the COVID vaccine just shows how much they've become The Man. I knew they sold out as soon as they were invited to play on SNL. The whole music industry needs some real fucking rebels again. When was the last time you saw a [guy eat a live bat on stage](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4tYv7RWQfzc)? What's wrong with this country?")
('Left', 'Finally a political movement I can get behind')
('Right', 'OP flair checks out')
('Centrist', "Or it's taxation for services. Idk")
('Libertarian Left', 'Flair up bitch')
('Centrist', 'Reddit making its logo black: “we did it boys, racism is no more”')
('Libertarian Left', 'u/nwordcountbot /u/LaserCommand')
('Centrist', 'Hi guys :)')
('Left', 'Based Bethesda middle east')
('Right', 'Is that a faceless man?')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Women should not be allowed to commit sati.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'So devilish, its clevelish')
('Libertarian Right', 'They’re both overpriced and carried by name brand recognition.  Generic supermarket brands are cheaper and taste the same')
('Libertarian Right', "Let's get the guy who turns everything he touches into Skittles to hug both the M&M horny and the M&M woke crowds.\n\nWin for all.")
('Libertarian Right', 'Nah just ban abortion, otherwise do whatever the hell you want.')
('Centrist', "I live in DC. We're taxed. We have no Congressional Representatives and no Senators. Congress routinely make laws specific to DC that override DC's local laws. We also didn't get full COVID-19 funding because we're not a state.\n\nDCers is the most screwed people in the country.")
('Authoritarian Left', 'Democratic socialism is just capitalism lite')
('Left', 'Libright comments “this never happens” sarcastically on an article that was removed for being fake')
('Libertarian Left', 'Hahaha')
('Authoritarian Right', "Should human rights exist?\n\nThey don't")
('Libertarian Right', "Sure, as long as society (more likely: your parents, your spouse or your daytime job) feeds you, provides you with a decent shelter and provides you with warmth and electric energy, you can easily have fun doing your hobby. Providing benefits to others is nice, but it's not the reason people are doing this. It's about endorphins.\n\nThat's not new btw. Don't forget about volunteers in soup kitchens for example.")
('Libertarian Left', 'does anyone else to see a slippery slope to a world of opt-in voting, where half of your class decides to go without governmental representation so they don’t have to pay taxes??')
('Libertarian Left', "To be honest he kinda has a point. I hate that I have to agree with him but class divided have become increasingly large and are becoming a stronger divide than any racial lines we try to draw. That said, Tucker is failing to acknowledge that class lines and racial lines are strongly correlated for to many racist policies put in place by the government and corporations. These policies which are at the root of this problem are the same ones the Trump administration supports.\n\nAlso with all his talk of rich elites in the media brainwashing people it's a little ironic given the fact he inherited millions from his step-mom's TV dinner business and he is himself an elitist doing the bidding of his even richer bosses at Fox News.")
('Centrist', 'shitposting is a dying artform')
('Authoritarian Right', 'It’s not just invasive species, but native species too. Where I live our deer don’t have natural predators anymore, and if they weren’t managed they’d overpopulate and starve')
('Right', "Personal finance isn't always about saving wealth, just saying")
('Centrist', 'Oh shit an actual funny Harry Potter reference what do we do')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Corporations controlling people 🤢🤢🤢🤮🤮🤮\n\nGovernment controlling people 😎😎😎👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼')
('Centrist', 'In the background there is a purple handcuffed Jefry Epstein.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'First meme, by the way. Is it any good?')
('Left', '*Wikipedia editors editing the volunteerism page to include themselves as examples*')
('Authoritarian Left', 'I can get behind this')
('Centrist', 'Srsly tho, why do they always look like this')
('Centrist', 'With everything over the last year, how was this the "storm the capital" moment. With all the "$600 is enough to build a guillotine" from libleft, how was it auth-right maga idiots did it. And for the stupidest fucking reason.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'But I swear I had an n word pass')
('Centrist', 'you want a libleft country? \n\n&#x200B;\n\nnorway.')
('Authoritarian Left', "Now you're thinking with portals")
('Libertarian Right', 'Absolutely I shouldn’t have to pay taxes and I shouldn’t have to pay anything to social security')
('Authoritarian Right', 'I mean, i don’t know who most of them are but it looks great!')
('Libertarian Right', 'So ice cream is literally one of my favorite things in the world.  I obviously have my favorites, but I am in no way brand-loyal.  Any ice cream can be good; I don’t discriminate.  But it was with great sadness that I finally had to be done with Ben and Jerry’s (RIP Phish Food, my love) a couple years ago.  I don’t generally bother with boycotting because I think it has little to no effect when done on an individual level, and almost never accomplishes the actual goal anyway.  But I didn’t feel right about spending my own money on B&J’s anymore, so I stopped.\n\nNow, I’ve lived my whole life in a *very* left-leaning area.  Unfortunately I also live in an area with a LOT of delicious local ice cream shops.  Even more unfortunate is that I have yet to find local ice cream that is not *overtly* left-leaning.  So I ignore a lot of things.  I ignore the pride flags.  I ignore the irksome progress pride flags.  I avoid June when one local shop supports drag queen story hour.  I struggle sometimes with how squiggly my proverbial line in the sand seems.  But also I feel that life is too short to not enjoy ice cream, so squiggly it remains.\n\nTillamook is good, and not (as far as I know) morally ambiguous.  Never a bad choice.')
('Centrist', 'agrees with all lib positions  \nanswers strongly for all  \nbike fall meme  \ntest must be shit')
('Centrist', 'Fuck')
('Libertarian Left', 'How is Hitler center authoritarian?')
('Right', 'Democratic Socialism is an oxymoron.\n\nThere is nothing democratic about stealing money from a small subset of people. Its like you and a friend beating up a kid, and claiming its okay because 2 out of three of you wanted it.')
('Right', 'How the fuck do i flair myself')
('Libertarian Left', 'How is it disrespectful. A quick google search and it comes from Persian, Arabic and then down into French > Middle English.\n\nMūm (wax) > Mūmiyā (embalmed body) > momie (mummy, (denoting a substance taken from embalmed bodies and used in medicines)) > mummy \n\nIt’s literally just a description for a fucking embalmed body what.')
('Right', 'it’s not free in europe lol, it takes you at least 300/400€ a month from your gross salary')
('Left', 'This is pretty gay dude.  Approved.')
('Centrist', 'Take a step back and look at this image.          \n               \nIt’s quite obviously a blatant political statement.       \n             \nTypically blatant political statements are trying to sell you something, it’s an ad.             \n              \nYou skip and ignore ads.')
('Right', 'FBI,FBI,FBI its the FEDS')
('Libertarian Left', 'libleft is very accurate')
('Libertarian Left', '*USSR national anthem begins, at very loud volume*')
('Left', 'That awkward moment when the libleft gets a bunch of awards\n\n\n😳')
('Libertarian Left', 'Lmao, classic corporate pandering')
('Authoritarian Right', 'I never got that honestly, same with people who call themselves libertarians but express authright beliefs. Seems a lil weird to me')
('Libertarian Right', 'Good content? On this sub?!??')
('Libertarian Right', '/r/TheMagnusArchives is leaking.')
('Right', 'What do you mean? I am a political expert! \n\nHow do I know this? Cause I hate [deleted]')
('Right', 'No fucking way, it’s 10000x worse. Maya Rudolf is on my top 10 “annoying af celebs who are in everything “ list')
('Libertarian Right', 'This will be assigned a spot between new coke and the ford edsel in the horrible business decision hall of fame.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Well OP you’re exactly right, FUCK THE ATF')
('Libertarian Right', 'Love all you idiots')
('Libertarian Left', 'Wait you Americans are paying taxes?')
('Right', 'RATM fans when they realise that they are apart of the machine')
('Libertarian Left', "I'm calling it now, this is a really elaborate meme and Marvel is on like 3 layers of irony right now.")
('Centrist', "Do 16-17 year olds get taxed? Student jobs aren't taxed in Belgium")
('Right', "That ban on low effort memes did it's job")
('Libertarian Right', "Teaching the next generation life skills such as personal finance is incredibly important. I thankfully have great parents that taught me all the essential life skills and then some (cooking, cleaning, personal finance, how to file a tax return and deduct as much shit as possible, etc). Unfortunately there are a lot of kids that grow up without someone to basically teach them how to survive so it's important to use the schools to do so. This is one initiative that I'm fine seeing my taxes go to.")
('Left', "The picture is so pixelated I can't read what it says")
('Authoritarian Left', '2016: stupid commies they want free shit, i’m so intelligent \n\n2020: guys actually trump want free shit and actually really cool\n\n2024: guys trump want all males to emasculate themselves and be used as hindu sex slaves and he support economic anarcho-communism, it’s very cool, he is super intelligent stupid libtardss')
('Left', 'Wait, what?')
('Left', 'I sometimes watch Tucker Carlson for the underlying nazbol/lefty themes')
('Centrist', '>Alan Dershowitz is libright becos he doesn’t have TDS')
('Authoritarian Right', 'A lot of unflaired scum in this thread...')
('Libertarian Left', "I'll say the same thing about Pence that I said about Biden.\n\nMy assumption is that presidential administrations generate huge numbers of documents, including classified.  At the end they all get sorted out into docs staying with the government, staying with the politician, etc.  It's probably mostly done by lower level aides.  And it's inevitable that some number of docs will get mis-sorted.  The right thing to do if discovered is to self-report, and get some people to carefully re-sort the docs.\n\nGo ahead and investigate all of these guys for any potential wrongdoing.  But I strongly doubt that Biden or Pence had any malicious intent.\n\nTrump on the other hand, I don't trust, and I think that's borne out by the reports that his people lied to the FBI and tried to keep the documents even after it became clear he had them and they were classified.")
('Left', 'Pin this post immediately.')
('Right', 'When I first found this sub, I didn’t even know it was based off a test')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Libtard destroyed')
('Centrist', "LOOK MOM I MADE IT I'M FAMOUS")
('Libertarian Right', 'till abortion do us part')
('Authoritarian Right', 'True, but how about this:no referendums whatsoever.')
('Libertarian Left', 'AL successful?  \nLMAO')
('Libertarian Left', 'Basically the one guy on broadcast that understand why Trump won and panders to it. I really wish lefties had an advocate like this for leftist economics but they basically all get fired immediately for talking about class warfare.')
('Centrist', "BRING IT\n\nEDIT: Fuck it I'll do it myself")
('Centrist', 'Volunteerism is gigabased, voluntaryism is gigacringe.')
('Left', 'Nazbol gang?')
('Centrist', 'Here’s the thing: Natural Rights are incompatible with Secular Moral Relativism')
('Libertarian Right', 'Test: “Do you believe all homosexuals and racial minorities should be executed?”\n\nMe: “No”\n\nTest: “Libleft”')
('Libertarian Right', 'Perfection')
('Libertarian Right', 'Incentives is not money only, it also can be what we call Utility in economics.\n\nThe marginal utility of doing a good action is always greater that the marginal cost of that action. Therefore, the incentive to carry such act even if there is no monetary incentive behind.\n\nLibRight is not about money, is about human action, what describes it best is the Austrian School of Economics.')
('Left', 'IDK I would put Pierre-Joseph Proudhon more on the left he did right a book called [what is property ](https://www.marxists.org/reference/subject/economics/proudhon/property/) where he explicitly said that property is theft.')
('Libertarian Left', 'We should get these as flairs.')
('Right', 'We need a tiddies version')
('Libertarian Left', "I'm slightly more lib left than lib right but one of my beliefs is I hate when people get banned and shit, even if they're saying awful shit. As long as its not inciting violence I think people need to engage with them bc banning them doesnt make the problem go away but makes it fester underground. I really don't understand why libleft support that shit bc its authoritarian as fuck.")
('Left', 'I am in the comrade group')
('Libertarian Left', 'As a leftist I also believe that the most powerful in this country are putting people against each other based on race. What Carlson is saying here hasn’t fully realized the issue however, he’s saying that these elites are accusing people of being racist in order to incite racial division. That just doesn’t make sense to me. What I see is an elite class funding media that draws young white men deeper into racist conspiracies using dog whistles and innocent sounding but sinisterly motivated talking points. The alt right pipeline as it is often referred to by leftist leads vulnerable young men through a series of beliefs, often at their beginning accurate criticism of the modern world be it the problems of liberal democracy, or late stage capitalism, or dumb shit that radical feminists say. These base truths are then used to draw conclusions about culture, often that minority groups are asking for or being given more privileges then working class white people. This logic caries through painting an abrasive image of the left. Then through jokes and narrow statistics these young men are drawn closer into beliefs about groups and races of people, encouraging maybe not an outright racial hierarchy but certainly a belief that their are inherent differences between the races. Racialism. Over time though members are drawn closer and brought to believe in the outright separation of races or later into belief in the validity of an ethnostate. Conspiracy theories are circulated in alt right groups such as the great replacement. The modern American right consists of various levels of racialism and racism that are often on close communication. A conservative radio host might have as a guest a racialist book author, thus introducing his audience to those ideas further indoctrinating some of them. That same author might write about a facist figure such as Hitler, disavowing the uglier parts of his politics while justifying others. This means that some of his audience will be introduced to these ideas and some of those indoctrinated into a facist mindset. What’s generally at the center of the alt right are ideas like “the Jewish question” offering for example the idea that the Jews are behind conspiracies like the great replacement but also that they are the driving force behind the problems of late stage capitalism. My point is, the right either online or in media will often use true statements and a leap in logic to justify untrue conclusions. I see this here. Funny meme btw.')
('Libertarian Left', 'I’m an expert I don’t know about you')
('Libertarian Left', 'wholesum')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Purple version is "If 15 year olds are old enough to pay taxes, then..."')
('Left', 'Didn’t Malcolm X like really despise liberals? To the point where he accused them of using African-Americans as political pawns? 💀')
('Right', 'u/savethisvideo')
('Libertarian Right', 'Wut 😟')
('Libertarian Left', "I'm gonna need everyone to start carrying highlighters so I know if they are 'muricans or Americans, they stopped wearing those handy dandy identification hats.")
('Libertarian Left', 'Goth IHop is actually femboy IHop in disguise: https://youtu.be/Ta8qMl1-XE0')
('Right', 'whats wrong with shootings without a victim? that just sounds like a good time')
('Libertarian Right', "It's because they say things that are controversial, yet so brave.")
('Libertarian Left', 'Only been here for a week, but I love you guys. Except the unflaired. Fuck the unflaired')
('Libertarian Left', 'Why the hell is this happening and why the hell is this newsworthy.\n\nMake M&M’s animate again! ✊')
('Libertarian Right', 'What kind of lawsuits they being involved right now? Child labor again?')
('Centrist', 'People who want to "serve drugs" may end up being bankrolled by the CIA but they\'re not inviting them to Langley lol.')
('Centrist', "I'm tired of libleft being confused with woke liberals who think they're libleft. True libleft would always be pro free speech")
('Libertarian Right', 'Reagan did save us from another great depression though, that Carter almost put us into. I would have put Carter above Reagan.')
('Authoritarian Left', 'mao never said this, no one auth left ever said this, OP stop being underaged')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Libleft try not to celebrate unjust murder of children 5 minute challange (impossible)')
('Libertarian Right', "Kids shouldn't vote, but they shouldn't pay tax either. It'd be a tragedy if we let those under 18 vote.")
('Centrist', 'u/nwordcountbot u/experiencedsoup')
('Authoritarian Right', "Everyone get's classified documents")
('Authoritarian Left', 'Tucker is Auth center confirmed')
('Libertarian Left', 'holy shit, that is so true seeing it on a tv makes me shocked\n\nedit: obviously is racism bad, but racists are not a majority and are not as big a problem as them rich people hoarding cash and not alowing the working people of all races make a living.')
('Libertarian Left', "Personally I'll never be in a situation where I need to defend myself but I buy firearms because getting fucked up and blowing up tannerite with high powered rifles is a LOT of fun")
('Authoritarian Left', 'U/savethisvideo')
('Authoritarian Right', 'You guys have NOTHING on me')
('Libertarian Right', 'Oh no.... We made it to the front page... Here comes another wave of unflaired...')
('Libertarian Right', "Seriously though, the amount of AuthLefts, LibLefts, AuthRights, and Centrists on this sub who think they're political experts but aren't is out of control.")
('Right', 'I respect that, I guess.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'AuthRight infighting is another beast')
('Authoritarian Right', 'lets check')
('Authoritarian Right', 'So typical orange Emily being the most racist person ever? Shocking news that these idiots are the most racist people ever.')
('Libertarian Right', "Which part of Europe is the commentary from? The parts that caused WW2 or the parts that didn't take it seriously and had to be bailed out?")
('Libertarian Right', '[Somewhat related.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ccUR7nbvAEM)')
('Libertarian Right', 'God bless America.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Now this is some Lib unity I can get behind.')
('Right', 'I just know some leftists somewhere is keeping score like “2 conservatives did it to 1 democrat, obviously it’s different because more conservatives did it”')
('Left', "Masc presenting/neutral I guess?  I don't know what agender or bigender is.")
('Right', 'I’m ok with this.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Stalins delts aren’t capped, Pinochet has boulder shoulders. Checkmate leftists.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Judging by some of the comments this sub has a month before banning')
('Libertarian Right', 'Going by this logic, poor people and people in poverty would lose the right to vote given the fact that they pay virtually zero in taxes')
('Libertarian Right', 'Ooh, im sooooo scared')
('Authoritarian Left', 'That was the political staff of the democrat rerunning for office in 2020 VA. \n\nI remember it when it happened.')
('Right', 'The way to fix this is to raise the voting age to 21 and abolish taxes')
('Centrist', 'Lmao.  The new thing for the left, when caught in situations such as this, is to say "It\'s a Republican false flag". This, Bidens docs, Velma, mass shootings by "minorities"....the FBI Russian collusion guy..."It\'s not us, it\'s the other guys pretending to be us!!!"...\n\nNo, it\'s literally you.')
('Libertarian Left', 'You can always Get them with da moneyz')
('Centrist', 'Lol how is auth left jacked when you need to be on a caloric surplus to gain muscle')
('Libertarian Right', '\nWhen I first saw this statistic it really pissed me off cuz I don’t care about the race of my doctor I care about who will be the best doctor. \n\nBut then I actually started med school and only 3 people in my class are black. And they are all 3 very smart and hardworking people that I’m happy to have there.')
('Left', 'to be fair though, Trump isn’t literally Hitler, but he is a fascist :P')
('Centrist', "Wow that's a lot of awards")
('Centrist', 'The fact he\'s talking about rich, overpaid "reporters" with a straight face and not mentioning himself is absurd.')
('Centrist', 'Our duality is so:\n\nThis sub: Haha 14 year olds in your quadrant.\n\nAlso this sub: This shit.')
('Authoritarian Left', 'What is that song')
('Centrist', "That's the only possible reason.")
('Authoritarian Right', 'Imagine being unemployed and a burden to society')
('Authoritarian Right', '**MI GENERAL AUGUSTO PINOCHET**')
('Right', 'Penisballs')
('Centrist', 'who?')
('Libertarian Left', "What's that on the hoodie, i can't read it?")
('Right', 'This is beautiful.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Auth right are terrible people.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Malcolm X was against blacks and whites integrating. I don’t agree with his views.')
('Centrist', 'Auths take the W on this one')
('Centrist', 'NOOOOO! How could the mother do this, the world is so cruel 😭')
('Libertarian Left', 'COMMIEEE C O M M I E E E E E E \n\nLmao')
('Authoritarian Left', 'and r/communism bans communists lmao')
('Libertarian Right', 'Mostly peaceful riots')
('Libertarian Right', 'I love us')
('Authoritarian Left', 'leg hair')
('Libertarian Left', "Yeah I don't give a shit if Nazi subs get banned, right wingers can just get the Kochs to buy them a fake Youtube university or some shit. Lefties get banned and it's GG, literally their only dollars are crowdfunding based.")
('Left', 'Lmao tru tru rofl')
('Centrist', 'No sugar mummies?')
('Libertarian Right', 'Why is the LibRight guy wearing a MAGA hat?')
('Libertarian Left', 'This is certainly true of some concepts but judging people by their character rather than their race is not one of them.')
('Left', 'Tucker grabbed the wrong red pill that morning.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'An honest man.')
('Libertarian Left', "Ooooh this isn't helping anyone")
('Libertarian Left', 'Damn, Tucker is a Strasserist?')
('Right', 'Based.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Pfft imagine being bluepilled so hard that you’re not aware of the shitty things your country does on a daily basis')
('Libertarian Right', "Good. Something useful and important being taught in schools. That's a step in the right direction.")
('Libertarian Left', 'A legitimately funny post on this sub? It is truly a time of great social upheaval.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Why did he delete his account?')
('Libertarian Left', 'The shit that becomes popular from this sub.\n\nWhat do outsiders think of us.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Get fucking owned stupid lib left lookin ahh')
('Right', 'this should be the most upvoted post on this sub')
('Libertarian Left', 'This should be core curriculum kindergarten through 12th.')
('Libertarian Left', 'u/nwordcountbot u/PudimZineo')
('Right', 'We’ll center right far is about accurate for me.\n\nI will continue to buy NFA items and give no votes to anyone who even looks at gun regulation.')
('Right', 'Good place to start, however the kids who need it the most in school probably don’t give a fuck anyways')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Hate to be that guy but the Turks were considered Aryan by the Nazi party for ages. From what I can gather the requirements to be Aryan were basically to have had some kind of empire or other achievement to point at, not be Jewish, and not be an enemy of Germany. The closer to Europe/Scandinavia the better.\n\nStill mental gymnastics but hardly a shocking outlier.')
('Centrist', 'Hmm some actually useful knowledge paired with my historical revisionism and creationism classes')
('Libertarian Left', 'u/nwordcountbot u/yogurtph1r3')
('Libertarian Left', 'Biden is auth-right, come on')
('Libertarian Right', 'Who are all three on bottom and mid and top right?')
('Libertarian Right', '*Voluntarism')
('Libertarian Right', 'My parents tell me I’m dumb for believing this and that if you’re not registered to vote you shouldn’t have to pay taxes')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Arrest them all.\n\n#🗿')
('Libertarian Right', 'Human rights? NOT ON MY PRIVATE PROPERTY')
('Authoritarian Right', 'I just think of it as my Trump Bucks.')
('Left', 'u/nwordcountbot u/flavorflavmingler7')
('Libertarian Right', "But wouldn't human rights make you more auth? Like, the right to education means that you can't be discriminated against and denied education for it doesn't it? So by nature you would need government to enforce it")
('Right', "As a conservative who knows many MAGA folks. This is not what they mean by family values. I don't know anyone in his state but my conservative homies would beat this man up if we ever encountered him in person.")
('Centrist', "LibRight's case could run two ways...\n\n&#x200B;\n\nand I am not sure which I fear the least.")
('Libertarian Right', "Man I'm about to move tf out of my quadrant if one more of you cringey Youtube atheists comes over here.")
('Centrist', 'auth left is unrealistic and lib is too monke to civilisation')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Peak compass unity')
('Right', 'Lmao')
('Authoritarian Left', 'ehxk')
('Centrist', 'Aellas pretty green, actually.')
('Libertarian Left', 'r/spiderbro likes this')
('Libertarian Right', 'Wow,  Nailed It!')
('Libertarian Right', 'New year new premium schizo💯💯')
('Libertarian Left', 'u/nwordcountbot u/RockyRiderTheGoat')
('Centrist', '🐴👟')
('Libertarian Right', 'Literally me!!!')
('Libertarian Right', 'Surely this is an agenda post?')
('Authoritarian Left', 'My Based meter is off the charts holy fuck')
('Left', 'u/polcompbot')
('Left', 'BASED MACHINE IS GOING CRAZY')
('Authoritarian Right', 'absolutely based and irrevokably redpilled. A post like this pops up once at year at max.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Gonna spend mine on a lift kit for my truck.,')
('Centrist', 'I predicted this post was by lib left, any other quadrant would have slammed the Emily on the green faster than the mf flash')
('Libertarian Left', 'Props to that guy for sticking to his guns')
('Libertarian Left', 'STOP. DEADNAMING. PEOPLE OF MUMMIFICATION.')
('Libertarian Right', 'do i know what i look like a jpeg is? i just want a picture of a gosh dang hotdog')
('Libertarian Left', 'Fuck Ronald Reagan, all my homies hate Ronald Reagan.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Amen')
('Libertarian Left', 'idk, i don’t have any problems with representation of non-binary people in the comics, i love that comics are the most inclusive form of entertainment so i don’t get the shitstorm, given that the creator obviously wanted people to not take it really seriously (c’mon, snowflake?)')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Only a coward uses such a bot')
('Libertarian Right', 'u/nwordcountbot u/HoSeR_1')
('Left', 'o7')
('Left', 'Lmao at this being the concern and not parading around actual dead corpses in coffins in the world’s largest loot museum. 💀')
('Libertarian Left', 'Law and order! Lock up the "peaceful protestors" lmfaoo')
('Centrist', 'Welcome to America, we can’t have nice things anymore.')
('Right', 'Ugh this again.\n\nLemme lay it down for you. The US is by design a nation where a certain religion isn’t supposed to be specifically endorsed or repressed by the Government. If that meets you definition of “secular” than yes the US is supposed to be a secular nation.\n\nHowever many people in the Left seem to think the word secular means “atheistic/totally irreligious”, which it doesn’t. The US was conceptualized to nearly all of Founders as being of a Christian stock, and it was John Adams who said the Constitution would serve a “moral and Christian people; it will serve no other”.\n\nIn practice this means that the Federal Government cannot create a state religion or suppress any faiths, but the people are encouraged to worship God nonetheless. The US was built upon a highly religious foundation, they were just wary about enforcing the States control of religion (as they should be) due to their experiences with the British monarchy and the oppression of non-Anglican Christianity. \n\nMany on the Right don’t like when Leftists try to use these principles to try and stomp out religion instead of what they were supposed to do: protect them from the government. Remember the Constitution isn’t a restriction on the people it’s a restriction on the government.')
('Centrist', "OH NO THEY'RE HOT!")
('Centrist', 'It is like they were trying to offend everyone')
('Libertarian Left', 'Vermin Supreme donated a kidney, he’s a good dude. Brush your teeth!')
('Centrist', 'Meanwhile Blue Bell is better than both')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Hey guys, it’s welcome to my not giving a shit contest, and I’m sorry to say, you’ve already lost to me, sorry….')
('Libertarian Left', "That's...a good point?")
('Centrist', 'American politics in a nutshell ^1\n\nDemocrats: Auth right (leaning towards auth center), socially progressive.\n+ does not care about your self-determination.\n- wants you to pay their taxes and follow their rules.\n- would like to controle your freedom of ownership. \n\nRepublicans: Auth right (leaning towards lib right), socially conservative. \n+ does not care what you own \n- wants you to pay their taxes and follow their rules.\n- would like to controle your freedom of self-determination.\n\n^1 from the POV of a centrist in west Europe.')
('Left', 'dont👏call👏them👏mummy👏unless👏you👏were👏born👏during👏the👏Ptolemaic👏dynasty👏')
('Centrist', "Guess who don't flair up? Dumb twats and people with mommy/daddy issuees. You probably are both.")
('Libertarian Right', "The test is as old as most of the users on here, though I'm one to talk")
('Right', 'Literally all these people handle so many classified documents it’s pretty common that they just get put somewhere. \n\nKnew a guy who worked for a missile defense company. Lost something like 300 pages of specs on a freaking missile and they basically just told him he couldn’t bring classified docs home anymore. This happens ALL THE TIME. I just really hope that if we start prosecuting people for it, we do everybody cause that will take everyone down.')
('Left', "Most of those guys are probably really young and it's their first election. They will learn with time.")
('Authoritarian Right', 'NI')
('Centrist', 'The red army is the strongest!')
('Authoritarian Right', 'There hotter than a centrist grill')
('Libertarian Right', 'tbh im gonna give away my right to vote if i never get taxed like  ever')
('Libertarian Right', 'Isn’t this what r/politicalhumor is supposed to be? This is actually funny')
('Libertarian Right', 'I thought I was gonna be *Lib-Right*, but then the test said I was *Auth-Right*. Then I took more, and they all said I was *Auth-Right* except one, but that one had a *Lib-Right* bias.')
('Libertarian Right', 'I never realized how much he sounds like Patton Oswalt')
('Authoritarian Right', "Albino's are truly the master race.")
('Right', 'Not gonna lie I thought libleft was Lalo Salamanca. Based')
('Left', 'Modi may not be a blatant jerk, but the people he appoints in power is')
('Right', 'Malcolm X was a proud Muslim and most definitely was at the right side of the Compass. You mixing him with Bob Marley or smth??')
('Centrist', ">MILF Dennys.  \n  \nSo... a normal Denny's?")
('Libertarian Left', "I never asked for memes to be this high-quality, but I'm sure glad they are.")
('Centrist', 'Based. If I want like cookie dough or some whacky flavor I’ll go Ben and Jerrys. If I want just like a strawberry ice cream, Haagen Daaz all day. To me they fit different needs and aren’t really direct competitors')
('Centrist', 'Not gonna lie. That is actually really funny')
('Centrist', 'jannies? based? i think the fuck not')
('Libertarian Left', 'not based, this is amazing')
('Right', 'Least self-satisfied LibRight.')
('Libertarian Left', '*ahem*\n\nI have a better idea')
('Centrist', 'Local ice cream parlor is supreme.  Support local and not big companies')
('Centrist', 'what')
('Libertarian Left', 'What soundtrack piece is this? (Song to be exact)')
('Right', 'Waiting for the headline "If you don\'t like marvels new safe space and snowflake you\'re a racist bigot". \n\nIf they make a character people will hate in a new comic they have a scapegoat for when it fails')
('Right', 'Bro wtf the only truly gun rights quadrant is the soy and and the people who forcibly disarmed then massacred entire countries are "let people have Kalashnikov"\n\nwho wrote this lmao')
('Centrist', 'Employ the child and prepare them for their future role as an oligarch?')
('Libertarian Right', 'Right will always be stronger on self defense rights than left. You cannot change my mind')
('Libertarian Right', 'How much does the NHS get for funding?')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Yeees... **YEEEES**')
('Right', '🤣😂')
('Authoritarian Left', '100% agree. Also in the UK, minimum wage is on  a sliding scale based on age. So for 16 and 17 year old, minimum wage  is half of what it is for over 25s. So happy to pay them half wages and tax them but they cant vote? Ridiculous')
('Libertarian Left', 'Ben "The government should literally ban pornography but I\'m still libertarian lol" Shapiro')
('Libertarian Left', 'u/SaveThisVidio')
('Right', 'Epic')
('Libertarian Right', 'Amen 😔🙏 >!and A women!<')
('Libertarian Right', 'AJAB. Even the aborted ones.')
('Libertarian Right', "What's the over/under on this cat getting busted on some horrendous shit?")
('Centrist', 'Maya Rudolph... Yeah... Perfect.')
('Right', 'George Michael is in Hell because he >!tickled balls with his mustache.!<\n\nJK, he never missed on hits, fucking RIP to a Legend!')
('Right', 'Its fucken winter. At least look outside yourself, OP')
('Libertarian Right', 'U/nwordcountbot U/lock-four')
('Authoritarian Left', 'LibRight get the fucking McNuke© now.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Ooh I’m hot')
('Libertarian Left', 'Can anyone tell me what based means? New here')
('Libertarian Right', 'Loving your country is not allowed 🤬')
('Libertarian Left', "If I wasn't scared shitless of spiders this would probably be accurate lmao")
('Right', "Wait, it's all grilled?")
('Right', 'Not to defend the nazis or anything but they highly praised Islam since day 1, set up multiple muslim volunteer corps all around, worked together with nationalists from various turkic peoples since at least 1941, and overall would accept anyone stupid enough to work with them to die for the reich. The term "Aryan" was very flexible in practice and all sorts of mental gymnastics were conducted to fit various nations into the set framework.')
('Libertarian Right', '2nd worst? Woodrow Wilson, FDR, Jimmy Carter, Bush Sr, Bush Jr, Obama?\n\nDefinitely a stiff race.')
('Centrist', 'PCM was the perfect ending all along.')
('Authoritarian Left', "You'd be mad to agree or disagree with some of the questions")
('Centrist', 'This Is a trap.')
('Libertarian Left', 'This...makes to much sense')
('Libertarian Right', 'So would Muffet from Undertale be an arachno-capitalist?')
('Centrist', 'Godly')
('Libertarian Left', 'u/userleansbot u/gonchuago')
('Libertarian Right', 'Btw I’m fine with all of the foreign artifacts they’ve taken and they should keep them, but how tf are they gonna say this while keeping all of that. Jesus Christ 💀')
('Authoritarian Left', 'It\'s not that it\'s a "nothing burger" that Twitter is in bed with the alphabet agencies, but it\'s something we\'ve kinda known about for a while. Maybe it wasn\'t explicitly said, sure, but remember Snowden and his leaks? The US government does a whole bunch of fucky shit regardless of whether it\'s the Dems or Republicans in power, it\'s nothing particularly new or surprising in any way. \n\n\nAt the same time, I think fears of an all-encompassing police state budding out of the alphabet agencies are overblown. Extremism is still a thing that exists in the US, and it\'s not particularly cracked down on either. Nor are any particular right- or left-wing internet spaces attacked directly by the government, which is pretty evident from just this sub, actually.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Imagine thinking Keynesian economics is communism')
('Libertarian Left', 'That’s great now return the mummies and artifacts to egypt')
('Centrist', "Personally, I'm okay with this. We have to realise the tax burden, that is, the negative impact on quality of life taxation has, is greatest on the young and the poor.\n\nTurning that googly eyed dipshit Bezos into a pinata to excoriate the youth from paying tax would be great for society, gives them a leg up for making some of the most important purchases of their lives, such as their first car, their first house etc.")
('Libertarian Right', 'Frick.')
('Centrist', 'Kinda crazy how all these life long nazis have freshly unpackaged flags with the crease still present')
('Right', 'I haven’t seen a single person on r/conservative use the word “masterace.”\n\nAlso, the Gadsden isn’t an exclusively LibRight flag, just a flag that represents a struggle for freedom.')
('Libertarian Right', "I have said nigger more than once on reddit. But its always contextual. Also I'm not a cunt that's afraid to lose internetpoints to some liblefters.\n\nContext matters")
('Libertarian Right', "Why stop at 16? Workers aged in the 0-3, 4-6, 7-10, and 11-15 brackets also shouldn't be forced to pay taxes.\n\nEdit: alternatively, let them vote so that we can elect whomever agrees to buy them the most candy.")
('Centrist', 'It’s the only excuse the LibLeft has to fully enjoy non-PC jokes. I say let em have it.')
('Centrist', 'I hate to say it but if it’s anything similar to those in NC, it’ll be learning about what a budget is and what tax forms do over the course of a few days and none of the information is retained.')
('Libertarian Right', '"We gave it two enthusiastic thumbs up" - Aborted Siskel and Aborted Ebert')
('Libertarian Left', 'Big brain')
('Right', 'Easy. Reddit mods and their love censoring those with not approved Reddit (liberal) opinions')
('Libertarian Right', 'True but also not a PCM\n\nAlso while I’m against taxation, I think taxing kids at their first paychecks is the proper thing to do. Builds a nice bit of anti-government into them at a young age when they realize that car or whatever they’re saving up for is going to take twice as long as they assumed. Also makes them less tolerant of leaches like bogarts.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Based and horny and hungry pilled')
('Left', 'What song is this?')
('Libertarian Left', 'Agreed')
('Centrist', 'holy shit man this is amazing, my stomach hurts from laughter.\n\nI for one welcome our new grill overlord, and hope he can provide divine tips to kick my grill game up a notch')
('Libertarian Right', "As scary as it is to contemplate what a financial literacy class composed by a government agency looks like, this is absolutely a step in the right direction. I'm an accountant and I spend a lot of my work day helping people who spend decades paying for the financial mistakes they made in their 20s.")
('Left', 'Fake face or real face?  A game I never win...')
('Libertarian Right', 'Rip r/thedonald')
('Centrist', 'Never stop being awesome, u/Intelligent-Union-19')
('Right', 'LMAO they actually did that?')
('Libertarian Right', 'Bans a word out of respect but still has all their artifacts')
('Right', "It's not wealth redistribution it's the return of some of my god damn stolen tax money reeeee")
('Left', 'Financial literacy is a life skill though')
('Libertarian Right', 'Wait does the entrance to Langley really look like the atrium of a high school in Nebraska?')
('Libertarian Right', "I don't want to abolish public services, I just want to decentralize/demonopolize them")
('Libertarian Left', 'Deleonism is very Libleft.')
('Right', '"fall 2020 boutta be a movie"')
('Right', 'This is so stupid.')
('Libertarian Right', 'OP is cringe')
('Authoritarian Left', "Hmmmm... Comrade Stalin... You're so... Muscular...")
('Libertarian Right', 'The color white is pretty centrist tho')
('Right', 'You can re-educate the oligarchy and monarchy today! Only $12.89 a month!\nGet your social revolutions here! Buy one coup get one mass starvation free!')
('Libertarian Right', 'And why leftist authoritarians are left alone.')
('Left', 'Biutiful')
('Libertarian Right', 'Lib left is a psy-op, the only left is auth left and auth left pretending to not be totalitarian degenerates.')
('Centrist', 'But we tax foreigners.')
('Libertarian Left', 'It’s the other way but ok')
('Centrist', 'Humor on PCM, who would have thought')
('Right', 'Haaaans!\n\nDer Flammenwerfer!!\n\nSchnell!!!')
('Libertarian Right', 'Based and Hoppe-pilled\n\n"There can be no socialism without a state, and as long as there is a state there is socialism. The state, then, is the very institution that puts socialism into action; and as socialism rests on aggressive violence directed against innocent victims, aggressive violence is the nature of any state."\n\n-Hans-Hermann Hoppe')
('Libertarian Left', 'Malcolm X Confed lol. Mesa confuse.')
('Libertarian Right', 'This is what M&Ms left Kyle Busch and Nascar for huh')
('Right', 'Saw this on r/im14andthisisdeep but without the background.')
('Authoritarian Left', 'But are the memes racist?')
('Libertarian Left', 'Not a circle jerk not a circle jerk not a circle jerk not a circle jerk not a circle jerk not a circle jerk not a circle jerk not a circle jerk not a circle jerk not a circle jerk not a circle jerk not a circle jerk not a circle jerk not a circle jerk not a circle jerk not a circle jerk not a circle jerk not a circle jerk not a circle jerk not a circle jerk not a circle jerk not a circle jerk not a circle jerk not a circle jerk not a circle jerk')
('Libertarian Left', "Guess they shouldn't get public education either. Into the coal mines they go!")
('Libertarian Right', 'guys is it gay to have multiple bones inside of you?')
('Left', 'Has this become the butthurt Republican sub?')
('Centrist', 'Pink-Cap Pan-Western Neo-Imperialism sounds like an awesome model for the future!')
('Left', 'Snowflake actually sounds like a decent name out of context.\n\nThere is no way to twist safe space and make it sound good in or out of context')
('Libertarian Right', 'Doesnt the Right hate Pence now?')
('Right', '/u/nwordcountbot')
('Centrist', 'Literally us in the picture')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Authright yes!')
('Libertarian Right', 'Cultured title reference.')
('Right', 'It’s an interesting etymology in that it’s a reminder that at one time, Protestantism was form of progressive backlash against the conservatism of the Church. Even today, Catholicism is more conservative.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Funny joke to gloss over the medical bills her parents are still paying to this day.')
('Right', 'firefighters want adrenaline\n\nthe rest just wants a false feeling of power changing and moderating things')
('Authoritarian Left', 'We got one, comrades')
('Left', 'Comment')
('Centrist', 'Is libcenter Henry George')
('Libertarian Right', 'make them into femboys 👉👈')
('Libertarian Left', 'I have one word for you: marijuana')
('Libertarian Left', 'Grill')
('Libertarian Left', 'What was also offensive to ancient Egyptians:  breaking into tombs and stealing all the goods.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Lib right wants teeny tiny government')
('Libertarian Right', 'Wow this is so true.\n\nHow can we make this real?\n\nSome type of lawyer in the world may want a piece of that action right?')
('Libertarian Left', 'AuthRight collectively imploding?')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Reject the false dichotomy, embrace the Tucker Carlson position')
('Left', 'based medium-rare ribeye')
('Right', 'But *I am*')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Jarlik')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Remember kids, JDAMs have coordinate inputs')
('Libertarian Right', "FOSS programming is Lib-Right, it's all about freedom and personal responsibility")
('Centrist', 'I just want everything to be normal, I just want everything to be normal, I just want everything to be normal, I just want everything to be normal, I just want everything to be normal, I just want everything to be normal, I just want everything to be normal, I just want everything to be normal, I just want everything to be normal, I just want everything to be normal, I just want everything to be normal, I just want everything to be normal, I just want everything to be normal, I just want everything to be normal, I just want everything to be normal, I just want everything to be normal, I just want everything to be normal, I just want everything to be normal, I just want everything to be normal, I just want everything to be normal, I just want everything to be normal, I just want everything to be normal, I just want everything to be normal, I just want everything to be normal, I just want everything to be normal, I just want everything to be normal, I just want everything to be normal, I just want everything to be normal, I just want everything to be normal, I just want everything to be normal, I just want everything to be normal, I just want everything to be normal, I just want everything to be normal, I just want everything to be normal, I just want everything to be normal, I just want everything to be normal, I just want everything to be normal, I just want everything to be normal, I just want everything to be normal, I just want everything to be normal, I just want everything to be normal, I just want everything to be normal, I just want everything to be normal, I just want everything to be normal, I just want everything to be normal, I just want everything to be normal, I just want everything to be normal, I just want everything to be normal, I just want everything to be normal, I just want everything to be normal, I just want everything to be normal')
('Right', '16 year olds do not pay income taxes. The law already agrees with this.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Aw Biden having another mini-stroke')
('Libertarian Left', "Guess I can't talk to my mother then")
('Authoritarian Left', 'Accelerationism gang')
('Libertarian Right', 'Hagendaz tastes better')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Dive into the cesspool and bring back [something cool!](https://ibb.co/PDxkJ5f)')
('Libertarian Right', "Putin should've been aborted")
('Centrist', '/u/Vredditdownloader')
('Libertarian Left', 'Wait what’s mine')
('Libertarian Right', 'Give them back then you cunts')
('Libertarian Right', "It's my favorite candy and I'll be damned if the libs take over")
('Libertarian Left', '\\*The quadrants every time a right-wing sub is considered unprofitable by reddit')
('Libertarian Left', '/u/nwordcountbot')
('Authoritarian Right', 'My funny bone: haha good one\n\nMy arachnophobia: WTFWTFWTF NOOOO')
('Libertarian Left', 'Absolutely glorious and basedpilled')
('Libertarian Left', 'Lmao this is amazing')
('Libertarian Right', 'Least common libright w 🙏🙏\U0001fae1\U0001fae1🗿🗿👍🗿💪💯💯🟨🟨')
('Libertarian Left', 'thank you for blessing my eyes')
('Authoritarian Right', 'What if these people go in and establish an American Empire 😳')
('Libertarian Left', "i'm only offended by them when the meme creator sucks at the comedy part.")
('Libertarian Right', 'Russian bot posting false info. Downvote.')
('Libertarian Left', 'they were just being a bit too epic for reddit')
('Libertarian Right', 'Should be Bill in Purple.')
('Libertarian Right', 'what')
('Libertarian Right', 'What?')
('Centrist', 'I love how the media has been so fucking fast to call this a riot (which, granted, it was) and talk about how horrible and unacceptable it was, yet when BLM and Antifa were burning buildings and looting and beating people you barely heard any thing negative about it. On top of that, besides breaking a few windows to get into the building, the rioters didnt even destroy anything and no one got hurt besides two of the rioters, one of which just fell off the side of the building. It just seems crazy to me how the media is so eager to vilify this, but barely said anything negative about the multitude of violent destructive riots that happened all over the country for months when this was extremely tame by comparison.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Britains health service is fucked..\n\nTurns out relying on foreign workers to fill your workforce is a stupid idea.')
('Authoritarian Left', 'I’m sure m&m child laborers are jumping for joy about this situation')
('Libertarian Left', "It was surprisingly fun, but one of those movies that gets really dumb the more you think about the plot. The themes were fun to explore though. For a dark comedy, I really wish it were more gruesome. The ending felt really uninspired.\n\nI'd still let Anya Taylor-Joy wrap a telephone chord around my neck and choke me out for my life savings.")
('Left', 'what is the music')
('Libertarian Left', 'Red and Blue would stand behind it. Yellow would sell to Green.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'EPIC!!!!!!')
('Left', 'That’s a null point if taxation is theft')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Is DC aware of this')
('Left', 'When you outlaw guns, only outlaws have guns.')
('Authoritarian Right', "Damn, as an atheist I guess I'm all by myself")
('Authoritarian Right', 'A damn disgrace')
('Left', 'Oh don’t worry we’re coming for you.')
('Right', 'This is very good.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'I think the funniest part of this meme is that auth left thinks auth right cares even a little bit about mike pence.')
('Libertarian Left', "I REALLY appreciate slide 4. It's about time somebody acknowledges the US and Reddit Overton windows skew immensely authright. Although it may have been funnier if you had a [censored by the CIA] tag on libleft - we've had a few countries, but the CIA has been able to destabilize them all.")
('Libertarian Right', 'I’m supposed to like bolsonaro?')
('Libertarian Right', 'Actually, libright would love some free labor.')
('Right', 'highest effort PCM meme')
('Libertarian Right', 'Where’s the lie tho?')
('Centrist', "That's actually pretty smart.")
('Libertarian Right', 'Marx went on shortly after this quote to explain that the workers most definitely would be disarmed after the revolution. Not quite the W you’re thinking it is, pard')
('Authoritarian Right', 'These weak auth rights need to understand there are other words besides that petty N word')
('Libertarian Right', 'There’s really no reason. Exiling people who aren’t homo/women/anything for that matter is just discrimination.')
('Left', 'This sub is downright confusing. What does “based” mean? It’s like I need an index to know the lingo here lol')
('Left', "It's crazy how every time i watch a video of Tucker Carlson, i either despise him or think he's fucking based.")
('Right', 'I don’t want the government to ban weed, I want society to do so')
('Libertarian Left', 'Experimental internet gas')
('Centrist', '93% of Maga protests are peaceful, most don\'t want violence\n\n"rioting is the voice of the unheard" -MLK\n\nAcab, all cops are bastards, people should be mad because this is an unfair government, they shouldn\'t enforce the law')
('Libertarian Left', 'The virgin pillar men vs the chad pcm characters')
('Libertarian Left', 'lemme test myself real quick. u/nwordcountbot u/nezcs-')
('Libertarian Left', 'I took economics in high school, and like with almost every other subject, I had to unlearn it and then learn the factually correct stuff later on.\n\nI am enjoying the "lib right" government mandate in this meme though.')
('Centrist', 'Mummy 🥺')
('Left', 'It must be a really hard job to be a real-time interpreter.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'In my humble opinion, in scenario A, the meme can be taken as a post-ironic endorsement of racism. In scenario B, the meme makes fun of auth-rights as an ideology outside the Overton window. In other words, context matters.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Censorship radicalizes everyone involved.')
('Libertarian Right', "On the normal political compass I get almost right unity. I'm a nationalist PaleoLibertarian. I hate that test so much.")
('Centrist', "It's almost like a good chunk of our politicians are incompetent baffons.")
('Centrist', 'This is very funny. This is what all PCM posts strive to be, but few make the mark. Excellent job.')
('Left', "16-17 year olds are forced to abide by the legal system: Without representation.\n\n16-17 year olds are forced to abide by our education system: Without representation.\n\nWhy the fuck would taxation be the exception? Y'all are tripping. The taxes are benefitting you, you can pay your goddamn taxes! Don't want to pay taxes? Don't earn money! Abide by the rules and wait 2 years and suck it up!")
('Left', 'This is good shit')
('Authoritarian Left', 'The funny thing is that CTH can\'t ironically (unironically?) support white genocide now.\n\nJust tell them "only white people voted for Bernie" and they\'ll shut the fuck up LMAO')
('Libertarian Left', 'There is no compass. Only grill.')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Socialists (and I mean real socialists not that social democracy crap) are some of the cheapest human beings on earth tbh')
('Libertarian Left', 'At least make them villains, come on Marvel wtf?\n\nSnowflake, safespace and echochamber would be a great team of villains')
('Authoritarian Left', '*smirks in german voting system* \n\nWell i can just vote for a different party. Unlike you we have 6 different parties represented in parliament by a fair election system.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Thanos😩😩😩')
('Libertarian Right', 'I have PhD and Masters Degree in Political Science\n\n\n(/s)')
('Left', 'HBO just released The last of us, so can’t we like wait a bit. At least until season 1 is done.')
('Left', "Smells like an agenda post. But I agree with it so I don't care.")
('Libertarian Left', "Hate speech and calls for violence don't count as free speech as far as I'm concerned.\n\nGet bent and stay mad :)")
('Left', 'u/nwordcountbot u/Superslowmojoe')
('Left', "This isn't the ticket Carlson I'm used to")
('Centrist', "It's like 3 hours to midnight, stupid clock is broken.")
('Centrist', 'Ah red army is strongest, \n\nPerfect for a slow transition \n\nexcellent choice comrade')
('Libertarian Right', 'Cringe. Wiki editors lol')
('Centrist', 'Makes sense')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Wait... it’s all just centrism?')
('Authoritarian Right', "If you stormed the capitol building, you're an A-class retard.")
('Left', "JOJO is just proof that right wingers wouldn't rather vote for a moron like Gary Johnson than a woman.")
('Authoritarian Right', 'Fuck is this shit')
('Centrist', 'Jesus for a second I thought I was on that sub that posts fake tweets and then gets foaming mad about them.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Anybody with the right flair is just an authright that thinks they are libertarian')
('Left', 'But why no women tho?')
('Centrist', 'Bro be like "school never taught us anything important"\n\nNo bro you just forgot to pay attention')
('Centrist', 'I fully support Marvel in this case. What other billion dollar company has the balls to openly mock LibLeft like this? This is fucking hilarious.')
('Left', 'It’s probably just me but this Jojo Rabbit screenshot looks eerily similar to the Frodo “alright then keep your secrets” meme.')
('Libertarian Right', 'You know I honestly want all of these. Sure I may disagree on who who is discriminated against, or what my values and traditions are, but not by that much.')
('Libertarian Left', 'When I first found out about this, it made me cringe so hard that when I opened my eyes the only thing left was the inky, black void of oblivion')
('Libertarian Right', 'Reject name brands, embrace making your own ice cream at home.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Profit =/= Money')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Song name?')
('Right', "I'm confused what happened")
('Left', 'Maybe we should stop such guys...')
('Libertarian Left', "Snowflake is the franchise's first explicitly non-binary superhero, although Marvel writer Al Ewing previously said Thor's nemesis, Loki, is bisexual and 'gender fluid'.")
('Right', 'upvoted because of the slow zoom out to the fat griller')
('Authoritarian Left', 'What a shit result. Fuck Biden, what a grand fucking accomplishment getting an even more unelectable candidate than Hillary against Trump.\nFucking pathetic, at least we can laugh at the bad orange man provoking another sexual assault accused individual.\nDamnit man, feeling the Bern.')
('Right', "Not anymore! I'm a very proud convert to Eastern Orthodoxy. \n\nChrist is in our midst.☦️")
('Centrist', 'Reagan is in hell waiting for heaven to trickle down there.')
('Right', 'Taxation is theft tho')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Hi')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Bah god Jr the libs are going fascist')
('Libertarian Right', 'We’re tarded and our shits all fucked up')
('Centrist', "I don't get it, im new to this sub")
('Authoritarian Left', 'Trotsky is more Auth than Stalin but also more right leaning...')
('Libertarian Left', 'u/userleans u/UninterestingDefect')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Wtf??!?!?\n\nTucker Carlson is Marxist???😳😳')
('Centrist', 'When people say "woke" as a pejorative, they are talking about performative nonsense like this.')
('Libertarian Left', 'screentime is a jewish kid and his grandfather was a german')
('Right', 'Finally, someone else who knows where Hitler really is in this compass')
('Libertarian Left', 'Is r/politics LibLeft? The guys in there suck neolib cock every election cycle.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'The Perfect Dictator..... couldnt exist... ):')
('Libertarian Left', 'Yes because authoritarians don’t believe humans deserve rights')
('Left', 'u/savethisvideo')
('Right', "Well, it's not complete shit.....")
('Centrist', 'I love Tucker Carlson. His fucking hilarious with his talking points but also his manner of speech. His good at what he does honestly.')
('Libertarian Right', "I mean hey, it's nice to see an actually shitty marvel creation get shat on rather than brie larson for once")
('Libertarian Left', "Having a sense of a national pride doesn't make you a fascist, having an ethnocentric revivalist utopian view of your perfect pure society does.")
('Libertarian Left', 'Based and never even saw grass-pilled')
('Left', 'lord forgive me but i gotta agree with tucker on this one')
('Libertarian Right', 'Average volunteer firefighter fan vs average Crassus private fire brigade enjoyer')
('Left', 'And ? Still nazi.')
('Right', 'Oh my god, I’ve never heard of Tomboy Outback, but it’s already my favorite restaurant')
('Centrist', "Centrist checking in. Bury 'em. Deep.")
('Left', "You know what, we may be retarded, but we still know more about political theory than the average mono-axial democrat who thinks socialist is the opposite of libertarian and Obama is left-wing. It's a low bar but it's worth something.")
('Libertarian Left', 'Libleft can have a little racism.\n\nAs a treat.')
('Centrist', 'Compound dweller did nothing wrong')
('Libertarian Left', 'No attack helicopter representation?\n\nFucking bigot.')
('Left', 'Why not both? Save and share.')
('Centrist', 'Im pretty sure you can be black, resonate with the figure of Malcom x cuz of what he represents for black people, and yet still have the complete opposite of his politics for some dumb reason')
('Left', 'u/vredditdownloader')
('Authoritarian Right', 'How will I trample protestors now?')
('Libertarian Right', 'Me being retarded and me being a political expert are not mutually exclusive thank you very much.')
('Left', 'America biggest economical advantage has always been geography')
('Centrist', 'This was a ride from start to finish')
('Libertarian Right', 'mocking authright by mocking libleft')
('Libertarian Right', 'I’m a republican and I think that gay marriage and weed should be legal. I could care less for who marries who and who wants to accelerate their death but the government has no right to regulate it, that’s unconstitutional. Also the govt. could make so much money off of taxing weed. And it would allow for so many knew jobs and investments as well as less people in prison. I’m straight and don’t smoke weed myself, but from an economic standpoint it would be stupid to not have these things be legal.')
('Libertarian Right', 'If I don’t see Maya Rudolph’s face on every package of M&M’s after back stock is sold out, I’m revolting.')
('Libertarian Right', 'My turn😈')
('Libertarian Left', "Sauce required.\n\nI'm not falling for your shenanigans, Electr1cL3m0n")
('Authoritarian Right', '*theft without representation')
('Libertarian Left', 'Looking out over a sea of 12,000 black faces at the Chicago International Amphitheatre, American Nazi Party leader George Lincoln Rockwell told the crowd that their last best chance for black uplift was an alliance with Nazis.\n\n“You know that we call you n*****s,” he said. “But wouldn’t you rather be confronted by honest white men who tell you to your face what the others all say behind your back?”\n\nDressed in full Nazi uniform, he had been invited by the rally’s organizers, the black nationalist Nation of Islam, whose leader he soon praised as the “Adolf Hitler of the black man.” [link. ](https://nationalpost.com/news/the-weird-time-nazis-made-common-cause-with-black-nationalists) I’m not saying these aren’t libs in disguise, but they also could still very well be Nazis')
('Authoritarian Right', 'No refunds! 😂')
('Left', "I honestly can't tell who they're trying to pander to.")
('Libertarian Left', 'For most real lib lefts, Bernie was too soft anyway.')
('Centrist', 'God-pilled and based')
('Centrist', 'Why are Americans so slow, compared to other western nations, in ditching religion?')
('Libertarian Left', "Doesn't it hurt getting CUCKED by the DNC? Don't you want to make those **low-~~IQ~~information** voters pay for their disgusting disregard for their *own best interests*? Don't you want those smug TERF Karen Liberal-Wine-Aunts to finally get their comeuppance?")
('Libertarian Right', 'Nword count bot check is like a vibe check.\nEveryone must pass it at some point.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'So true :(')
('Centrist', 'Teen revolution?')
('Right', '>reactionary \n\nWhoops, I accidentally threw anything you had to say in the trash.')
('Centrist', 'Ligma')
('Libertarian Left', "Suddenly it's violent instead of yellow, but man better use green when some far-left shit happens")
('Left', 'Bruh, Tucker Carlson is a trust fund baby and he spends almost his entire show covering culture war bullshit or scaremongering about immigrants. \n\nHe is literally doing the same thing that he’s accusing liberals of doing, but with a right wing angle.')
('Libertarian Right', "Some miners unintentionally poison a river or something and somehow it's genocide and the former president is responsible for it")
('Libertarian Right', 'Tfw you got your undergrad in Political Science but you’re still a political retard.')
('Libertarian Left', '1. This is good and should be done everywhere.\n\n2. Sorry, Florida is not the great state of the libright, if you meet a very low gpa requirement they basically give you a free college education paid for by the lottery')
('Right', 'Who tf said we support the NSA?')
('Libertarian Right', 'What’s this about stimulus the niggers and jews have a lot of money so let’s rob them until we have our money back')
('Authoritarian Left', 'This is the most based thing in the grill shaped universe I’ve ever seen.')
('Left', 'What is that song, it’s on the tip of my tongue but I can’t place it?')
('Left', 'I mean... they are kinda right.\n\nRight....?')
('Centrist', 'AuthRight finally realizes his mistake')
('Libertarian Right', 'u/nwordcountbot u/TheHangedKing')
('Libertarian Left', 'Why is this so botted')
('Libertarian Left', "i don't want to serve drugs i want drugs to serve me. get in my body.")
('Right', "Should've covered the whole thing with the Jesus image tbh. Weird.")
('Libertarian Right', 'The war on drugs means only the most vicious, evil people in society will be able to make money dealing drugs.\n\nSo it figures the CIA would be the biggest drug dealers.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Yeah, sure.')
('Centrist', 'Ooo')
('Libertarian Left', 'This video is fucking tremendous')
('Right', 'Those libtard republicans')
('Left', 'lmao')
('Libertarian Right', 'https://youtu.be/rNwkV-wcMA4')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Based and instantaneous grandmother pilled')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Somebody do me next')
('Authoritarian Right', 'I always assumed all that was the us trying not to pick a side between Protestants and Catholics, but with almost an assumption that everyone was at least catholic.')
('Left', 'Wtf based Tucker Carlson???')
('Centrist', 'hate him for almost all those reasons. exceptions:\n\n1. "Laid down the foundations to political extremists that gives the right and freedom a bad name". yes i hate that he did this. but the right always had a bad name. or rather, bad rep. \n2. "High value on immigration". what\'s this even mean? \n3. "Ignored Saddam Hussein". a good thing.\n4. "Weak on war on terror". also a good thing.')
('Left', 'What an astoundingly brain dead argument. Literally every other wealthy country on the planet, and many countries that are much poorer and less stable, have less gun violence than the United States. Think for even one moment about how laws actually work in practice. Changing laws doesn’t mean illegal actions remain unchanged. Laws will change the manufacture of guns, the distribution of guns, the handling and transportation of guns, public opinions and norms around guns, and the most common uses of guns. This has implications on illegal guns.\n\nGetting an illegal gun in the United States and getting an illegal gun in Germany are both equally illegal. But it’s a hell of a lot easier in the US because of a different system created by different gun laws.')
('Right', "I only now watched this  \nGod damn I'm choking on my laughter")
('Libertarian Left', "I mean, hell, it got me to start reading theory. I don't think I would have gotten around to reading Kropotkin, Lenin, Goldman, etc, otherwise.")
('Libertarian Left', 'I think this post is lib right territory and natural habitat so imma try to not piss them off...')
('Centrist', 'This meme is about 70 years out of date. Neoliberalism is clearly the GOAT ideology based on international win:loss ratio.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Just dont tip, move on')
('Left', 'Look at that Martin Luther defacing that church door, dosent he know how good he has it!')
('Libertarian Left', 'They should have just put them all in crocs to piss the internet off harder')
('Libertarian Right', "Luckily you don't have to say the pledge of allegiance  👍")
('Left', 'Does anyone have the unedited clip?')
('Libertarian Left', 'Yeah, I\'m not throwing my hat in with these insane morons. I\'m voting Biden. These people need to get a good Cher slap in the face. "Snap out of it!"')
('Libertarian Left', '#***HALLELUJAH***')
('Libertarian Left', 'Tucker Carlson is a racist piece of shit')
('Left', 'Where is the real leftist infighting about taking up arms against the bourgeois state and arguing about whether marx or bakunin had the most sound ideas about establishing a worker owned society')
('Libertarian Right', 'TBH both Democrats and Republicans are just Socialist arguing how to spend your money.')
('Authoritarian Left', "This byside, I hate people that think it can only be between money OR own incentive. Yes, I know there are jobs out there that just suck, but you can't deny that there's more jobs that are actually enjoyable even if they don't bring in a lot of money than most people think")
('Centrist', '****F A S C I S T    P A N C A K E S****')
('Right', 'Yes of course, 1/3 of Americans support some random guy in Idaho.')
('Centrist', 'Que the Trump is a Maoist movement meme')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Have at thee lads.')
('Right', "This argument is pretty low-effort thinking by the right, the purpose of these gun laws is so that over time they come out of civilian circulation, and over time that does work, there's a very good reason for the black market prices for machine guns.\n\nThat said, you didn't misread my flair, I do believe there are very good reasons to oppose gun controls.")
('Libertarian Left', 'AuthLeft-AuthRight-LibLeft Unity Coalition to take down LibRight')
('Centrist', 'Political compass: government?\nMe: yes\n\nAnd that’s the story of how I became auth center')
('Authoritarian Left', 'On no other subreddit would you see a Nazi and a communist having a productive, well normal conversation, we’ve shown that even by expressing our political beliefs we can still get along, our ‘enemies’ are simply people we disagree with deep down we breath the same air and the same planet, thank you guys for everything.')
('Libertarian Right', 'I always thought that if I ever had to move to the US that Florida would be a good place. Nice weather, not too woke, lots of people speak Spanish...\n\nThe memes and the internet made me think that it was not a good idea but I think they might be wrong... Right?')
('Right', 'I just want my Navy Seal, Pirate, Cowboy Senator, God damnit!')
('Left', 'Nice Trotsky, comrade!')
('Centrist', "We need more Aborted X memes. They've got a unique blend of depressing and wholesome. I've got one in mind, but I've been forgetting to make it.")
('Left', 'Fuck marvel, they don’t actually care about non-binary people, they just want to sell comic books')
('Libertarian Right', 'Saw the post on the reddit front page earlier. Top comments were something else.')
('Centrist', '.')
('Centrist', "They're posing like Jojos Characters, mods need to sticky this.\n\nBased.")
('Authoritarian Left', 'What better way to show diversity than to make the designs for both characters literally just a palette swap and rescale.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Human rights, or as I like to call them, "spooks".')
('Libertarian Left', 'I think you meant "the riots *inside* Congress"')
('Libertarian Left', "*Wait this isn't high effo-*\n#WOAH")
('Left', "And if you can't pay medical bills and you still defend capitalism? That's brain damage from birth.")
('Libertarian Left', "I don't understand, are they making fun of them or trying to appeal to them?")
('Libertarian Right', 'Always ask a woman her age. Trust me, made that mistake before')
('Libertarian Right', 'Go outside oh my god\n\n(edit:was in reference to a similar meme, probs shouldve /s)')
('Centrist', "Dominican Republic: {shadow speak} We've come to erase the debt.\n\nHaiti:... H-huh?!?!")
('Right', 'Source: https://thewire.in/government/union-govt-directs-youtube-twitter-to-take-down-links-containing-bbcs-gujarat-2002-documentary\n\nhttps://archive.is/WrjIQ')
('Centrist', 'But like... why should hate my country with this social welfare program that has benefited me so much?')
('Libertarian Left', 'This belongs on the pcm hall of fame if one exists')
('Right', 'It’s sad that he doesn’t have a person to love… but I support their artistic expression and won’t make fun of them for it')
('Libertarian Left', 'Nestor Makhno for LibLeft?   \n\nInteresting choice.')
('Centrist', 'American politics = cring')
('Libertarian Left', "Who's our guy?")
('Authoritarian Right', 'Ha! Jokes on you, my work decided to pay us anyways!')
('Libertarian Left', 'Does Proudhon really fit libcenter? I would think someone known by the quote "Property is theft" would be a bit more firmly on the left side of things.')
('Centrist', 'It detective time')
('Left', "On God I'd rather have to wait 6 hours in the emergency room than gave to pay $2000 for a taxi with morphine\n\nNA health care moment")
('Centrist', "Wrap it up guys sub's over")
('Libertarian Left', 'You know how people always say that the stereotypes don’t really exist and are made up by edgy internet losers?\n\nSomebody didn’t get the memo.')
('Centrist', 'Yes il just hand my GIANT COMPANY AND ASSETS  over to my 16yo son.')
('Left', 'Easy. Just make 16/17 year olds ineligibile to work.')
('Right', 'Tumblr: "WE WANT TRANSGENDER, NONBINARY SUPERHEROS! REEEEEEEEEEEE"\n\nMarvel: "You know what? Fine. Here\'s your fucking nonbinary, transgender superheros. And we\'re calling them Snowflake and Safe Space. Blow yourself!"\n\nThis is Marvel giving a giant **fuck you** to the whiny leftists and I *love* it')
('Libertarian Right', 'The walls are closing in!')
('Libertarian Right', "As if we needed another reminder that every politician is an active participant in a colossally corrupt government. I don't understand how anyone thinks that their team is the good team anymore. Shut the whole mess down.")
('Right', 'Nigga?')
('Libertarian Right', "What's with everyone just strolling off with classified stuff. I'd lose my security clearance and get fired if I did that.")
('Authoritarian Right', 'HOW COULD YOU TAKE MY SEXY BROWN M&M AWAY FROM ME')
('Centrist', 'LOL. Memes like these make me think the reason why the leftoids on most subs are boring and humorless is because PCM stole all the funny lefties')
('Libertarian Left', '               Authleft 🤝 Authright\n"Stop making everything about race!!"')
('Centrist', 'This, does put a smile on my face')
('Libertarian Right', 'Based.\n\nAlso no females.')
('Libertarian Right', 'You know I read somewhere that eating meat actually helps with brain development.')
('Centrist', "As a European commentator, I'd like to say that knives and scissors are old fashioned nowadays. We use firecrackers now to bomb the enemy. Much more effective. Timed firecrackers are better since you can hide them in the locker of the enemy army.\n\nWhile they alert the ~~dictators~~ teachers faster they sure are just as effective.")
('Centrist', 'The unlicensed psychiatrist in me is screaming that this guy was bummed by his daddy.\n\nHe is Chair of the *Bonner* County Republican!!')
('Right', "Aww shit don't make me fall for AuthLeft\n\n... *again*")
('Authoritarian Right', 'They do it for power and control.  Humans crave power; money is just one form of that "greed."')
('Libertarian Right', 'For if the bomb that drops on you🎵')
('Libertarian Left', "The most public a platform people have, the less likely they are to be radicalized since they're far more exposed to opposing views and in turn self-critique. Screw you Reddit, let the National Socialists and Communists talk it out online so they won't fight in person.")
('Libertarian Left', 'Florida is literally the third-largest state, this headline essentially says that they did it before Texas and California')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Can someone explain I’m hella confused')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Is it phlog time now?')
('Libertarian Right', 'I remember growing up and mostly identifying as Republican because despite most boomers I knew not being true republicans even in the 90’s, most identified as Republican because no one wanted to “waste their vote” with third parties. \n\nI remember Reagan was and still is by many boomers considered the benchmark for a U.S. president mostly because he was so Uber right leaning and “traditional”. In reality he was a terrible president and easily in the top 10 worst us presidents we will likely ever see. \n\nI’m on the right hand side of the spectrum but most of Reagan’s policies were absolutely terrible, many intentionally so. He was a terrible person and despite what boomers claim he was not really a Christian and he sure as hell didn’t care about the working class as evidenced by his policies setting us up for generational failure to provide for ourselves. Fuck Reagan and his shitty policies.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Lib left - Fatherless Behavior \n\nAuth Right - Maidenless Behavior')
('Centrist', 'pretends to be russian, everyone is white\n\narent russians white?')
('Authoritarian Right', 'It’s the BBC, their stance on anything India (or other former, non anglicized colonies) is inherently biased. They shouldn’t be trying to influence the Indian public with their bias and then be surprised when the Indian government says “no, we won’t let you do that”')
('Left', "Libright knows what he's saying")
('Centrist', 'Well at least they got one thing right')
('Libertarian Left', 'This is fantastic.')
('Authoritarian Right', "You're a faggot")
('Libertarian Left', 'Right-wingers: “If you don’t like America, then just go to another country!”\n\nAlso Right-wingers: “What?! You can’t ban our social media! Where else will we pose our ‘ironic’ memes?!”')
('Authoritarian Right', "I'm open to all of 'em, even the femboys. E-girls can fuck off though.")
('Libertarian Left', 'As beautiful as it is calling hitler an auth centrist is some dumbassery')
('Libertarian Left', 'I maybe have arachnophobia but this is funny as FUCK')
('Right', 'I love pictures like this because they are such amazing strawmen arguments that are so obviously astroturfed it is not even funny.\n\n"Oh look we have a guy in a mask with a nazi flag and a guy with in a mask with [candidate] flag now you must drop all support for [candidate]"\n\nLike what? What is the argument here exactly? What did DeSantis even do that would make him Nazi? Am I supposed to say Biden is a Democratic Socialist if I find a picture of some DemSocs holding a Biden campaign flag as well?')
('Libertarian Right', 'u/nwordcountbot u/airsoftstuff')
('Right', 'Bruh, why is everyone having classified documents in their home except me. It is so not fair.')
('Libertarian Left', 'This is good')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Deism is an interpretation of Monotheistic Religion that believes in the Watchmaker theory, that G\\*d created us, but does not intervene during our lives, so that we can have free will.  I am a Jew who has a Deist attitude.\n\nIf you were smarter, you would have known that.')
('Right', 'This reminds me of when Ben Shapiro took the political compass test and the whole time he was like "it\'s gonna say libertarian", then he got right. \\*insert shocked pikachu face\\*')
('Libertarian Right', 'I feel like it works both ways interchangeably. Bravo')
('Left', 'In all seriousness, your paychecks shouldn’t be taxed as a minor. You just have to fill out your W4 correctly to indicate that you are exempt from income tax; this is generally the case if you are a minor.\n\nNow, it’s important to note that this applies to income tax only. Social security will still take some from your paycheck; this is unavoidable.\n\nEDIT: Sorry, it’s form W4, not W2')
('Libertarian Left', "You see here, posted gloriously, art that makes the work of Michelangelo and Shakespeare look like a toddler's colored crayon scribbles on a Denny's place mat, and yet some people call this a hate subreddit.")
('Left', 'I agree with this but can we try not to just state our opinions and slap it over our own quadrant and call it a political compass meme? It’s just pushing an agenda and that’s not what this sub is about. This is coming from someone who supports the agenda of this “meme”. I don’t want to see it here.')
('Libertarian Right', 'oh shit im a taurus, better flair authcenter now')
('Libertarian Left', 'Flair up before I report you to the mods.')
('Right', 'Here\'s a source including the YouTube video.   \n[https://nypost.com/2019/09/11/radical-vegans-ripped-for-claiming-chickens-get-raped-fishing-is-murder/](https://nypost.com/2019/09/11/radical-vegans-ripped-for-claiming-chickens-get-raped-fishing-is-murder/)\n\nI suppose "their reproduction method would be bad if humans did it, so chickens should be extinct" is an interesting take.')
('Authoritarian Right', "Please stop, I can't take it anymore.")
('Right', 'The names are kinda funny')
('Libertarian Right', "Anyone else believe this culture war is just bot armies bring shit take to Twitter front page and then media acting like it's true, or is that too tin foily?")
('Libertarian Left', "If you're fully proud of your country, in 90% of cases, you have not studied its history and politics thoroughly enough.")
('Centrist', 'Finally, some original content that isn’t an agenda post')
('Libertarian Left', 'Libleft being portrayed perfectly here. They and I just want the noise to stop, and to let us be us. Wojak looks so done with the drama.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Ironically enough here in Central Europe Reagan is considered one of the best president since he helped destroy communism. All this while many of us hate FDR for selling us to Stalin.')
('Libertarian Left', 'You really need more than two parties to vote from ffs')
('Right', 'anarcho is what dumb people put in front of other words to sound smart.\n\nLike saying I have an empty-full glass of water.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Oh my god, that’s totally me. I care about freedom of speech, but if some evil is silenced, I am laughing on the inside')
('Libertarian Left', 'I just want to be called racist without getting banned')
('Right', 'what')
('Libertarian Left', 'Payroll tax walks the fine line between robbing the young to pay the old, and outright slavery. It should have ended along with WW2.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Profit is a way of bridging the gap for people who have the talent but not the motivation for a specific pursuit. Trying to rely on passion alone means a society that does fuck all.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Look you can have an SJW superhero. Arguably that\'s what a lot of superheroes were. But you can\'t just base their entire power and character on current trends. \n\nBatman isnt limited to one time period. He\'s a Zorro-esque vigilante whose parents were killed. You can INCORPORATE modern politics and cultural fads into new Batman comics, but at his core he\'s not going to go obsolete. \n\nEven X-Men, which DID pull a lot from politics of its time, kept their heroes\' powers, costumes, and personalities timeless. \n\nMaybe they\'ll prove us wrong but these guys seem entirely based on "hmm what are the kids into these days?" They\'ll go stale in a few months, if that.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Lmao this is crazy accurate')
('Libertarian Right', 'If this was BLM the media would have called it a "summer of love" lmao 99.99% peaceful besides the idiot cop who shot an unarmed woman oh no muh they broke a small window in a door  the poor government will have to spend 30$ fixing it  drumpf literally wants a civiiiil war! \n\nThis is like the most  American thing you can do the politicians  should fear the people not the other way around')
('Libertarian Left', 'u/nwordcountbot u/Bjorge23')
('Libertarian Left', 'I’ve always laughed at racist memes that doesn’t make me racist wtf')
('Right', 'Imagine thinking the word Nationalism is worse than the word Nigger\n\n\nI hate MSM so much')
('Libertarian Left', 'Is there such thing as a based Buddha? Like someone that is so unfathomably based that they transcend humanity and reach some kind of based enlightenment or something? Because if not, there should be, because this post is it')
('Authoritarian Left', 'u/nwordcountbot u/mrface1')
('Left', 'U/nwordcountbot')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Right so hitler is in auth centre... ever heard of the holocaust')
('Centrist', 'Based and tearpilled')
('Centrist', "Wait. I thought they didn't.")
('Libertarian Left', 'Your anatomy is fucking crazy, lol. Amazing.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Nice to see my General Pinochet there 👀')
('Authoritarian Right', 'You personally may not like being associated with this, but this shit is peak libleft')
('Authoritarian Right', 'In the name of John Moses Browning, and of Hiram Maxim, and of Smith & Wesson')
('Centrist', 'Is Michael from vSauce the peak libcenter?')
('Right', 'Nigga')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Pinochet is looking BASED')
('Libertarian Right', "stimulus checks aren't communism, it's the government giving back the money it already stole from you.")
('Centrist', "In hungary students don't pay taxes.")
('Left', 'Tucker Carlson is racist and anti-immigrant as fuck. And now he wants to lecture *who*, exactly, on using racism as a "distraction"?')
('Centrist', 'Fuck the ATF, i just dont own a gun so i dont join the suicide square')
('Authoritarian Right', 'I don’t understand why subs like CTH celebrated getting banned.\n\nMore so, I don’t see why people view this as a legitimate reason to support them')
('Right', "The idea that homeless people *don't* choose to be homeless is, generally speaking, pretty nuts. Obviously not each specific homeless person chooses homelessness, but the vast majority of them do.")
('Left', 'u/nwordcountbot u/Zelkiiro\n\nI feel I know what the result should be, but juuuust to be safe...')
('Right', 'Ive been gone for awhile.... whats an aborted mod?')
('Libertarian Left', 'This is what you get with public education. Indoctrination into the current system.')
('Libertarian Right', "Be me\n\nCan't afford bougie ass name brand ice cream\n\nDon't eat ice cream anyway because it's empty calories")
('Libertarian Right', "It's only fascism if it's against your world view")
('Authoritarian Left', 'stfu')
('Libertarian Left', 'Based bethesda middle east theming their logo after the isis flag')
('Centrist', 'You kill hundreds, you get killed. Wanna be "reeducated"? Should a reeducated your subjects bucko.')
('Centrist', 'Obama')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Femboy UN security forces are blessed')
('Left', 'Check')
('Authoritarian Right', 'This is actually satanism')
('Centrist', 'r/userleansbot')
('Authoritarian Left', 'PCM where?')
('Libertarian Left', 'Now Florida just has to pay teachers more so they can have bodies to teach this course or they will do more of hiring literally anyone they possibly can to deal with having the largest shortage of teachers in the country.\n\nBut paying teachers more is socialism or something')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Hand made ice cream is the true centrist of the icecream compass')
('Libertarian Right', "Tbh I just pirate Photoshop because this shit is overpriced to hell and back even if it's incredibly useful and far less annoying than Gimp.")
('Right', "just spin a big ol web, it'll work this time")
('Centrist', 'We have to go deeper')
('Left', "No no he's got a point")
('Centrist', 'He kinda makin sense doe 😳')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Agree. Leftism really went downhill in the 60s.')
('Libertarian Right', 'If he actually said that, then yes. That’s reprehensible. But that design and layout makes me think it’s coming from Occupy Democrats or Other 98% and I would be highly skeptical of anything coming from them.')
('Centrist', 'Based and redpilled')
('Libertarian Right', 'These look like hunting rifles. Is he blessing them for a good hunting season?')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Idk who this guy is, but I like him')
('Right', ">Congress shall make no law respecting the establishment of religion\n\nNo state religion\n\n>or prohibiting the exercise thereof\n\nOr banning religious practices (without a really good public interest reason)\n\nA secular nation would be France or Attaturks Turkey, where religion in public life isn't allowed to exist. We're a religiously neutral nation, not a secular one")
('Right', 'That niggerino right though')
('Libertarian Right', 'Yes. My quadrant based other quadrants cringe.')
('Authoritarian Right', "I'm here for shitposts. Wtf is this quality doing here?")
('Right', '109 subreddits')
('Left', 'The funny part is I bet this is all a set up to a Super Bowl commercial')
('Centrist', 'Reddit is like siberia\n- full of snowflakes')
('Libertarian Left', 'Jesus Christ I came here because I heard it was a racist/transphobic shithole after looking at a post in r/subredditdrama and they were entirely right. \n\nIt’s always bad news bears when you see fascist dogwhistles and antisemitism in the top voted comment lol')
('Right', 'I love you guys')
('Libertarian Right', 'Since it has a German princess as a example, I have to argue that you would not have had any change with her anyway, since German nobility law has forbidden marriage to someone of lower rank')
('Authoritarian Left', 'What being forced to live in Idaho does to a mf')
('Left', "I like it but unfortunately if we didn't tax equally then I think it would be easily used for tax fraud")
('Centrist', 'We shit on LibLeft so much that OP had to say no twice out of habit')
('Libertarian Left', 'I am a nationalist.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Green Party go brr')
('Libertarian Left', 'based')
('Right', 'Just like the time The Lincoln Project sent fake white supremacists to a Glenn Youngkin rally.\n\nhttps://amp.theguardian.com/us-news/2021/oct/30/lincoln-project-glenn-youngkin-virginia-event')
('Left', 'Christian socialism is redundant')
('Libertarian Left', 'I’m so proud')
('Libertarian Left', 'Yes.')
('Left', 'In just going to assume America is behind on everything in the education department because “financial literacy” and personal banking is stuff we started doing in secondary and Sixth Form lmfao.')
('Left', 'scp 1006 khehehe')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Sounds like something a Jarlik would say.')
('Libertarian Right', 'u/nwordcountbot u/Rawrthorne')
('Centrist', "I know this is a meme subreddit but I can honestly say I'm shocked. The Nat Guard needs to turn the grounds of the Capitol Building into a meat grinder.")
('Centrist', 'Bot me')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Most MAGA people I personally know don’t want the government involved with gay marriage or weed, they may dislike one or both but don’t want the government deciding on what they can or can’t do.')
('Centrist', 'Ok this is epic')
('Libertarian Left', 'It was ironic laughter! Ironic I tell ya!')
('Libertarian Left', "Oh, don't post the dogs.")
('Authoritarian Right', 'I am shocked \n\n***shocked***\n\nThat a high profile politician thinks they’re above the rules')
('Left', 'This is amazing haha')
('Authoritarian Right', "Hey don't blame us. That shit us fucking nuts. Blame right center.")
('Left', 'Okay, this is an epic take.')
('Libertarian Left', "Biden?  It's like they're trying to lose on purpose.  They're putting they world's creepiest and sleepiest grandpa up against the the world's angriest and loudest male Karen.  And in an arguing contest no less!")
('Centrist', 'Latinos aren’t a race.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Honestly Putin might have been a good thing his brain dead war might actually lead to the final death of the r#ssian state which is long overdue')
('Libertarian Right', 'The increasingly hilarious AuthRight wojaks are daily contributing to my mental health')
('Right', 'This is not a centre-right position.')
('Left', 'I didn’t see the shirt either, lol. I don’t think they know what Malcolm X advocated for. This image is authoritarian soup.')
('Libertarian Right', 'In my country teens aren’t taxed')
('Centrist', 'God damn I look good')
('Left', 'Libright tries not to be arrogant challenge (impossible).')
('Libertarian Right', 'No,racist memes are always funny')
('Authoritarian Right', 'I think i still havent used it on reddit, can someone check?')
('Libertarian Left', 'I think I said it once and that was on a post specifically givin a pass')
('Libertarian Left', 'If MLK was alive today, some idiots would call him a "colorblind racist". I\'m not sure if it\'s even possible to be one.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Kinda confused on how eating pancakes and having a kid Is leftist tbh')
('Left', "Basic human experience incompatible with dogmatic economic reasoning? Couldn't be!")
('Libertarian Right', "Wow. Authright just made a woke company their bitch. \n\nUsually companies publicly do and say what libleft wants and then slowly walks things back to appease authright.\n\nThis is like they're crying 'uncle' for mercy though.")
('Right', "oh so you think that the government shouldn't interfere with adults' sex life? yup, that's a libleft")
('Centrist', 'I just want to grill for my sake!')
('Authoritarian Right', 'eww someone doesn’t know the difference between clips and magazines 🤢')
('Libertarian Right', "Look, it can't be healthy to put this much effort into a meme.\n\nAre you ok dude?")
('Libertarian Left', 'Owie ouch there goes my fragile heterosexuality')
('Centrist', 'It’s the beautiful work of art i’ve seen in years.')
('Libertarian Left', 'HAHAH')
('Right', 'I dont give a fuck about what your flair is. This is some quality OC.')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Counterpoint. Not thinking liberals are cringe means you are cringe.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Why are they all white men bigot')
('Libertarian Left', "Oh no. Don't be silly. Voting Trump will teach the Democrats to go further right. Teach them to go left.\n\nVote Green.")
('Centrist', 'You mean to tell me all the Reddit comments I read on white people Twitter saying it was a bloody Malcom x face, were full of shit?')
('Centrist', 'They are both libleft mfs.')
('Centrist', 'u/nwordcountbot u/MadOrange64')
('Authoritarian Right', 'A pro imperialist post?!?!?!?!?!   \nCan, can I come out of hiding and admit that I support colonialism?')
('Left', 'I do love how the republicans planned this stupid pointless gesture to hold debt ceiling hostage to get rid of social security and Trump immediately swoops in and undercuts them lol!')
('Centrist', 'Majority of people gate big government... Unless its their big government.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Far Leftists are either extremely based but idealistic or extremely stupid and idealistic')
('Libertarian Right', 'Sounds like a regime of terror.')
('Left', 'I can’t lie')
('Libertarian Left', 'why do you want to force kids to come out to their parents before they’re ready?')
('Authoritarian Right', 'One word at a time you fools…. The drip drip drip of fascism.')
('Libertarian Right', "Imagine being destined to work as a volunteer moderator on Reddit.\n\nNow I'm not sure whether this is an anti-abortion post or a pro mercy killing post.")
('Authoritarian Right', "Nobody should vote because it's a system for sociopaths to manipulate the gullible.")
('Libertarian Left', 'Tf is going in Brazil')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Trotsky grabbing some bbq buns?')
('Libertarian Left', '*stops on the middle\n\nOh fuck no')
('Centrist', 'Does snowflake have ice powers?')
('Left', 'Imagine living in a country where 16 and 17 year olds get their paychecks taxed')
('Libertarian Right', 'Auth right is shady bro')
('Left', 'Once again, to real leftists it is a nothingburger not because it isn’t bad, but because we already knew they were doing it.')
('Authoritarian Left', "Queer theory it's from Lib a good old auth knows that sex-ed it's bad")
('Left', 'Holy fuck man. Talk about r/SelfAwarewolves')
('Libertarian Left', 'Nah this should be full libright, just because the social causes aren’t progressive doesn’t make it auth, this is the free market baby. Branding and advertising.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Ohgodohfuck?')
('Right', "Unpopular opinion, but this won't do shit. Everyone's priors should be that this won't make people in general any better at managing finances than they were before.")
('Authoritarian Right', 'Wow.')
('Authoritarian Right', "It's all ironic tho")
('Left', 'test')
('Centrist', 'You get classified documents, and you get classified documents, and you get classified documents and…')
('Libertarian Right', 'Watermelons want to ban anything even vaguely "harmful" or "dangerous" except alcohol and hard narcotics 🙄')
('Centrist', 'This is just a list of reasons why Reagan is so based')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Holy shit I actually agree.')
('Centrist', 'Based and secularism pilled')
('Libertarian Left', 'Now this is peak pcm')
('Left', 'Im aware I know nothing')
('Libertarian Left', 'he has a point\n\nbased')
('Left', 'without even talking about the pat on their own back about how much of a woke good boys they think themselves are, since when have M&Ms been even remotely important as a spokesperson (exception being those times when FOX News got mad that they got sneakers or something)')
('Left', 'Can I just say - I really don\'t care, and I don\'t know why everyone else is so upset about it. Politicians have access to high security docs and they don\'t always take good care of them. Who cares? It\'s almost never actually an issue because most "classified" documents don\'t really need to be. They might accidentally be more transparent than they intended to be, which... oh no!')
('Libertarian Left', 'Heartbreaking: the worse person you know just made a great point')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Thanks, I hate it.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Go back to Chapo')
('Right', 'you better not be including internet jannies in that picture, son')
('Libertarian Left', 'jesus that joe biden wojack is terrifying')
('Authoritarian Right', "The sad one is the daughter one, this one doesn't hurt like that one dies.")
('Centrist', 'Horseshoe theory confirmed')
('Centrist', 'When a pro palestine araboo calls Israel nazis, I just show them this lol.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Do me')
('Libertarian Left', 'Tankie moment, or proof of horseshoe theory')
('Centrist', '>Your kids \n\nTo them, *your* kids don’t exist. Only kids they haven’t infected yet.')
('Right', 'I love this. The griller having the exact same face is the cherry on top for me.')
('Left', '!savethisvideo')
('Centrist', 'Good joke, as if 16-17 year olds are making enough to be taxed on')
('Centrist', 'Same')
('Centrist', 'Flair')
('Left', 'I mean yeah. Voting age should definitely be lowered')
('Libertarian Left', 'Anyone else remember when the very first "twitter files" thread said that the trump white house was getting Twitter to censor things and it was totally ignored by everyone?')
('Left', 'Excellent meme.')
('Libertarian Left', '[*takes massive rip of paint fumes*] yea, this checks out')
('Libertarian Left', 'Given that south American politics is a shitshow, I wanna see some evidence this is real and not shit throwing from those opposed to him. \n\nDamn, North American politics is following now that I think about it')
('Libertarian Right', '"Hey Martin, what\'s that on the church door?"\n\n"A nail."')
('Libertarian Left', 'How to troll both sides: ^')
('Libertarian Right', 'This is art')
('Libertarian Left', 'Can someone give a breakdown of who’s who? (If someone already did it link me the comment please)')
('Right', 'K')
('Left', '>Trump: "Maybe we should consider Medicare For All."\n\n>Biden:  "I am 100% opposed to Medicare For All."\n\nThe GOP president is officially to the left of the DNC challenger.\n\n**What a timeline.**\n\n(but seriously, if you\'re reading this *please wake up. Your family\'s all here just open your eyes c\'mon please*)')
('Libertarian Right', 'no you see I look at it as a tax return')
('Left', "The best part of this is\n\n> I was a capitalist when I was 14\n\nOh really? You ran your own business when you were only 14? Did you run it online from home, or did you have a factory? Was it really yours, or your parents' business that you helped manage? What was your average income?\n\nOh, what's that? You didn't have a business? Then you weren't a capitalist. Liking capitalism as a system doesn't make you a capitalist anymore than liking hockey as a sport makes you a hockey player.")
('Libertarian Right', "Profit isn't the only motivator, that is the founding principle of libertarianism. Something has to replace government - the human spirit of charity.")
('Right', 'Take my free award bro, you earned it')
('Left', 'baaaAAAAAAAAAASED')
('Authoritarian Right', "It's so that we attract the librights.")
('Authoritarian Right', ' A nazbol is born')
('Left', 'Actually real and based.')
('Centrist', 'I mean, if i lived in the USA or Europe i would probably be proud of my country')
('Left', 'b a s e d')
('Left', "Eh, that's probably what they were planning for with the first redesign anyway\n\nI wonder what lawsuit they're covering up this time")
('Libertarian Left', 'That gymnast jumped over a flaming car, I gotta agree with him')
('Libertarian Right', 'u/nwordcountbot u/reeeeeee1818')
('Left', "Elon's algorithm is promoting fascism.")
('Libertarian Left', "What if it's prescribed cocaine?")
('Authoritarian Right', 'God damnit I fucking love this man. Can we have him as president instead of all these evil globalist faggots?\n\n#FOURTH REICH UNDER KAISER TUCKER CARLSON WHEN?!?!?!?!?!?!')
('Centrist', 'High effort but go outside')
('Libertarian Right', 'Pence can get under the bus too.')
('Centrist', 'Malcolm X is Auth Right though after his conversion to the orthodox version of Islam')
('Libertarian Left', "Holy shit this is too fucking awesome, but... I don't think hitler was an authcenter")
('Left', 'u/nwordcountbot u/flars111')
('Authoritarian Right', "I've been waiting for those pride ads to pop up.")
('Right', 'Someone smoked the wrong bag of herb this morning.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Haagen Daz is very Nazish')
('Libertarian Right', 'Lib left, since WHEN?')
('Centrist', "Left fans: hurr you're mad about sexy candies durrrrr\n\nRight enjoyers: dawg it's a cartoon candy that was cancelled because it had feminine features.")
('Left', 'How did Congress vote when they raised the smoking age to 21?')
('Right', "Well, their income is technically their parents' income, as they are minors, so all of their possessions and money belong to their legal guardians. So, the true recipients of the wealth can vote.")
('Libertarian Left', 'this is a hot take')
('Centrist', "Listening to libs talk shit about reactionary politics is some 'Spiderman pointing at himselves' shit.")
('Centrist', 'u/VredditDownloader')
('Libertarian Right', 'counter-argument: Modaraters (They do it for free)')
('Libertarian Right', 'Damn, Me sad now.')
('Libertarian Left', 'scp 1006 much?')
('Centrist', 'Americans, how much do you be paying for monthly insurance costs? Genuine question.')
('Centrist', "People are naturally selfish and greedy but not all incentives are immediately financially beneficial.\n\nVolunteering tends to expand your networking beyond your 9-5 wage cage while also serving as a verifiable means for a potential employer to see what kind of person you are when not in the office.\n\nTake two equally qualified candidates. One is a volunteer lifeguard and maintains first aid/CPR certifications, the other doesn't. Why wouldn't the employer take the person who has added value and can be used as a PR fluff piece about how X Company employees give back to the community?")
('Centrist', '/mybasedcount')
('Libertarian Right', 'i by no means think I’m a political expert')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Voodooism and its consequences have been a **DISASTER** for the Haitian people.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'But racist meme funny right?')
('Left', 'This entire election is going to ironically result in a third party candidate being elected like Bill Weld being elected purely through protest votes by both sides')
('Centrist', "O boiii, these are getting spicy. Let's see how far we can take this before we make AHS and/or mods are forced to intervene.")
('Centrist', 'This man is so BASED')
('Libertarian Right', 'Amazing, you get my free silver thingy (that is not a code name for dick, to clear things up)')
('Libertarian Left', 'Experimental internet gas got me acting strange')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Transhumanism is fundamentally anti-Christian')
('Libertarian Right', 'Deists go brrr')
('Right', "Personally I identify as Republican/Conservative and from the several times I've taken the compass test I've been either a little above or below the right wing line. The republican party in general isn't even that deep into the auth right quadrant either")
('Left', 'u/vredditbot')
('Right', 'Only one that really should be supported is banning abortion in my opinion')
('Libertarian Right', 'When you turn up that THX at the end... Truly the based-ess sound of all.')
('Left', 'I agree with this. I think the solution is to lower the voting age to 16')
('Centrist', 'jesus fucking christ man touch grass. well done though')
('Right', "i really wouldn't call r/conservative authright. they seem pretty in between authright and libright.")
('Left', 'u/basedcountbot u/AttemptWarm')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Need that extra AP to punch through Space Marine Dreadnoughts')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Honestly, if you’re proud of your country then it shows your happy with the status quo more than anything. So unless you live in Nazi Germany (always a possibility), then...')
('Libertarian Right', 'Knowing Bethesda, they would come up with excuses like :" it is not yet patched ", " we need more time ","it will drop on the next update ", and never do anything about it')
('Libertarian Right', 'Are you kidding that is like a badge of pride for them')
('Libertarian Left', 'u/nwordcountbot u/BurritoBlasterBoy')
('Centrist', 'The fuck is this and on fox no less')
('Libertarian Left', "LibRight would pick the original. It's the most marketable one.")
('Left', 'u/nwordcountbot u/hansabonnement')
('Libertarian Right', 'Based and IntellectualConsistancy pilled')
('Right', 'If you say something that could be perceived now or in the future, or could have been perceived at any point in the past, as potentially offensive to any form of life, object or abstract concept, then you are a nazi bigot who just committed hate speech, and we will ruin your life.')
('Libertarian Right', 'white guy be neo-liberalism')
('Authoritarian Right', 'I don’t want my family to have to deal with the third world like I had to in the military.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Tucker Carson can’t masturbate 😔')
('Libertarian Left', 'Come on, where is my guy Ghandhi')
('Left', 'Healthcare plz')
('Libertarian Right', 'Sucks to be Canada.')
('Centrist', '/u/vredditdownloader')
('Libertarian Left', 'Can you draw them farting')
('Centrist', 'The problem with all these tests is the wording.\n\n1. (Less of an issue) These test are always american so I have to convert these issues to an American perspective, and questions like "we should have more welfare programs" are just worded badly.\n\n2. I sometimes have to tuck something that I might disagree with because I know that the test will put me on the wrong side if I answer correctly. I don\'t have an example rn but you know what I mean.')
('Right', 'Hi')
('Libertarian Right', 'They got a point')
('Libertarian Left', 'Based uwu')
('Libertarian Left', 'Nah I actually liked gamersriseup and legoyoda')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Wait you guys are joking?')
('Libertarian Left', 'That guy looks like an average anarchist')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Remember kids, supporting government intervention does not equal authoritarian. If it did then libs would be anarchists. The political compass is extremely flawed.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Volunteerism is literally a libright thing wtf do you mean lmao')
('Right', 'Fun fact. The importation of Christianity into India has greatly helped breakdown the caste system brought on by Hinduism.')
('Centrist', 'Cope attempt: OP using memes to dismiss this existential dilemma.')
('Right', 'Can you post the original template to you account?')
('Libertarian Right', 'Woah I don’t support torturing Americans')
('Libertarian Left', 'He’s left when he’s trying to distract away from white...I mean right')
('Libertarian Left', "Until you realise that the money you get pales in comparison to the money that the corporations get. Considering most of these corporations do their best to avoid paying tax, I don't think it is quite fair.")
('Libertarian Right', 'B\nA\nS\nE\nD')
('Left', 'Based as fuck')
('Libertarian Left', 'Left: "I changed the sign at my museum"  \nRight: "Left BANS WORDS due to WOKE virtue signaling! DEATH SQUADS next?"')
('Authoritarian Left', '... did you just "both sides" Hitler??')
('Libertarian Right', 'Wtf does genocide mean here?')
('Centrist', 'I love this')
('Libertarian Right', "Oh look, LibRight being depicted as a soulless Corporatist instead of a legitimate Capitalist because people don't know the difference")
('Authoritarian Left', 'u/nwordcountbot u/spez')
('Left', 'Comrade... Tucker?')
('Libertarian Left', 'Jokes aside i\'d like to share some of my thoughts and dispel a lot of misinformation regarding subreddit bans, because imo this sub is at risk and we should understand why.\n\nthere are a couple of reasons why reddit bans subreddits, each one follows their own path from good standing to a ban. i\'m gonna try to be as unbiased as possible here, any terms I use are not my opinion, but rather the consensus of reddit as a whole. \n\n1. Subreddit starts violating reddit rules unironically. Userbase is by reddit terms "toxic". CA and GamersRiseUp were banned under this pathway, and PCM stands at a small-medium risk of being banned in this manner, but its not substantial\n\n2. Subreddit encourages real-world events that reddit does not want to be associated with. MDE, me_ira got banned under this pathway, CTH and T_D got quarantined under it. It is highly unlikely that PCM will be banned under such conditions\n\n3. The subreddit has large amounts of ironic jokes that when misconstrued can mean egregious reddit-wide rule violations. given that legoyoda got an instaban under such circumstances, and by nature was somewhat similar to PCM, I think that this is the highest risk that is posed to PCM.')
('Left', 'Degenerate')
('Authoritarian Left', 'To all the other replies - before you’re 18 you’re under the guardianship of either an adult or the state. They are responsible for providing for you. You don’t need to work - it’s voluntary, and not necessary to your existence. If you don’t agree with the taxes and voluntary terms of employment, don’t work. Once you’re 18 you can express yourself with a vote. Also “Taxation without representation” was basically a campaign slogan, not part of any legally enforceable document. \n\nPay your taxes, citizens.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Love thy neighbour. Unless...')
('Libertarian Left', 'Facts: guns being legal also makes it easier to get an illegal gun.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'alrighty so couple points here\n\n1. jesus fuck why do people need to make everything some political battle\n2. what did the ice cream do that is suddenly a political issue?\n3. i just want to eat ice cream man, like fuck all, I just want to be able to do thing without some shit lord shrieking about it.')
('Libertarian Right', 'But he removed the restrictions on thirty minute toy commercials so that transformers and gi Joe can exist')
('Centrist', "Plot twist:  That was not in it's original programming.  They literally are armed with lasers y'all.  watch out.")
('Libertarian Right', "Am I supposed to be for treating people different based on race or not? 95% of people don't even fucking notice when they're talking from one person to the next because why would anything change")
('Libertarian Right', 'This is the very reason I “left” the Republican Party. Democrats are at least honest about wanting big government. But both sides lie.')
('Authoritarian Left', 'I mean yeah I unironically support his statement')
('Libertarian Left', 'I don’t know if I agree with this, but I can’t argue with the logic either.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'I live in DC. I have payed taxes my entire life and have not had a representative that can do anything in the Federal government. Although now that I think about it, I also work in lobbying, so really I have more say on what representatives do than their voters.')
('Centrist', "I understand the first point if you're pro life, exceptions for murder are still murder if that's how you view it.\n\nThe rest is bonkers, and I'm confident most people, even on the right, will agree.\n\nConflating an extreme with the norm is dishonest.")
('Left', 'Finance and ecconomy should be thought in middle, just like biology and physics.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'r/taxationistheft')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Try me bitches')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Based and cellclumps deserve love to pilled.')
('Right', "Lmao natives have been dying for decades but now suddenly it's Bolsonaro's fault? PT really on the warpath to try and get power huh?\n\nBTW the Yanomani had about 500 dead from malnutrition and toxic metals... in 2015. Under Dilma.  But now the news makes it sound like it was all under Bolsonaro and he specifically targeted them or some shit. God this is so tiresome.")
('Libertarian Left', 'P-purple authleft?')
('Centrist', 'Sex')
('Right', 'Trump is not to blame for this, some radical supporters are')
('Centrist', '>real western politics\n\n>ussr\n\nNo')
('Libertarian Left', 'How is this only lib right? I completely agree with this.')
('Left', "We're reaching levels of based that shouldn't even be possible")
('Authoritarian Right', "oh wow you found an internet thread about people saying how they're willing to do a very specific job they have very specific skills for. unfortunately for you we will need an entire country full of people on the same page for all of this to work out, and a lot of them will unfortunately have to do jobs that they don't get to choose. Hope you can bring us a bigger sample size next time, otherwise the commies will continue to look like clowns.")
('Libertarian Right', 'Did they honestly expect this to go well?')
('Left', 'I still can’t tell if this is real or not')
('Authoritarian Left', 'MLK was pro affirmative Action')
('Libertarian Left', 'The worst part is, if they weren\'t so *on the nose*, so desperate to be topical yet clearly at least three years out of date, these would be cool ideas. But no, they had to be "woke" and "Gen Z."')
('Right', 'When you know both languages so your brain is confused')
('Right', 'Where did the phrase “nothingburger” come from anyway? It sounds weird.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Small part of authright, libright, and libleft that like it')
('Right', 'Based')
('Libertarian Left', 'Completely agree')
('Libertarian Right', "Amazing what you have time to teach when you aren't wasting all the classroom time on CRT grievance studies and drag queens.\n\nNow teach the girls how to cook food and clean a house. 😁")
('Authoritarian Right', 'Remember when we used to exile folks?')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Tucker is and always has been based af. Easily and by far the best political pundit in mainstream.')
('Centrist', 'The presidential race is between fucking bacteria for yet another year')
('Right', 'mmm delicious fascist pancakes')
('Libertarian Left', 'You cannot suppress Femboy hooters. Femboy supremacy will rain supreme.')
('Libertarian Left', 'As an introvert who didnt have work interrupted by this, life is low key kinda sweet right now.')
('Centrist', 'Self check')
('Libertarian Left', 'Twins that also maybe are lovers?')
('Libertarian Right', "Wasn't the opposite?")
('Libertarian Left', "As long as you don't put immigrants in concentration camps you're ok")
('Left', 'I feel like if far Lib-right got their way we’d most certainly see things like this popping up, cause as the saying goes “Sex sells”')
('Libertarian Left', 'u/savevideobot is a communist.')
('Authoritarian Left', 'heheha')
('Centrist', 'If you say no youre in the furry quadrant')
('Right', 'accurate')
('Left', 'Lol what, have you ever met a gang member. They’re almost always the most auth right of AuthRights')
('Left', "I don't get why more companies aren't doing a rainbow icon with a black background. It's totally possible for them to pretend to support both movements.")
('Libertarian Right', 'Dude I actually believe this.')
('Libertarian Right', 'It’s been nine hours how the fuck did you get that many upvotes')
('Authoritarian Right', 'u/nwordcountbot u/reallythinkinghard')
('Right', 'Fr, it pisses me off how some republicans are like that')
('Right', 'Horses are a close relative of the spider family. They hide their thorax and extra limbs, if you look at them in the correct spectrum however you can see all 8 legs and the venom dripping fangs. Never turn your back upon a horse for they will trap you in a web to consume you later.')
('Left', 'Pog Chad pog chad')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Honestly this is something we can all agree on')
('Libertarian Left', 'Rare Florida W')
('Right', 'r/politicalcompassmemes are the r/wallstreetbets of politics.')
('Right', 'That was.....\n\nBeautiful')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Anything made by men is fascist in the eyes of orange libleft. Figures.')
('Libertarian Left', 'u/userleansbot u/TheOnlyFallenCookie')
('Left', 'u/Vredditdownloader')
('Libertarian Right', 'That was a good movie')
('Libertarian Left', 'u/nwordcountbot u/d3db0y')
('Libertarian Right', 'I am so glad I chose this flair')
('Libertarian Right', 'Some kinda spawn of Ungoliant')
('Libertarian Right', 'I don’t care who you are, spiders are scary af')
('Libertarian Left', 'I feel as though I am looking upon the face of god')
('Centrist', 'It’s all centrist')
('Libertarian Left', 'OH NO AUTH RIGHTS HOT')
('Right', 'It surprises me I had my first cake day recently')
('Libertarian Right', 'Flare up nerd')
('Libertarian Left', 'What does this prove exactly? That it’s actually antifa holding those flags but one of them forgot to take off his Malcolm x hoodie?')
('Centrist', 'Wow man you are a gifted artist. Great job! \n\nWho are all the characters though? Some are obvious but not others.\n\nEdit:\nNvm it’s one of the top comments')
('Centrist', 'Olympus has fallen')
('Libertarian Right', 'Yeah so this turns out to be bullshit. Bad meme.\n\nhttps://idahocapitalsun.com/2023/01/16/idaho-senate-committee-advances-bill-that-would-change-legal-definition-of-abortion/\n\n"Wintrow asked Herndon if the bill would force a hypothetical 13-year-old girl who was raped by a male family member to carry the child to term. Herndon said the state of Idaho has nothing to do with forcing anyone to carry a child and those are merely natural circumstances.\n\n“Some people could describe the situation that you’re talking about as the opportunity to have a child in those terrible circumstances if the rape actually occurred,” Herndon told Wintrow. He told the story of a person in Montana who wrote a book about how her stepfather raped her and forced her to have an abortion the first time she was pregnant and the second time she had the child.\n\n“That child that she actually had proved to be incredibly cathartic for her and a huge blessing in her life,” he said."\n\n\n\nSo a huge miss-characterisation of what he said. \n\nAdd on to that he was making an attempt to clear the grey lines for when an abortion is allowed under the current legislation:\n\n"The change would ensure health care professionals would not face prosecution or other legal consequences for handling certain common complications during pregnancy, Herndon said. It would clarify that the Legislature’s interest is in the living child,\xa0he said.\n\n“I have run this by several in our medical community, this language has been reviewed by a number of pro-life physicians, obstetricians and gynecologists and they agree that this offers some clarity for them as to legitimate medical practice,” Herndon said...\n\nSen. Ben Toews, R-Coeur d’Alene, said the bill is a “great solution to a real issue” and thanked Herndon for sponsoring it.\n\n“I have doctors in our community that I know have expressed concern that they could be working to save the life of a mother and there could be an issue where they would feel like they were stuck between a rock and a hard place,” Toews said. “This type of legislation is what we need to address that situation.”\n\n\n\nSo far from saying that incestual rape was cathartic he was referencing a case where a mother said having the baby was cathartic for her, her words, not his.\n\nAND he was trying to make it *easier for doctors to perform abortions in cases where it would be admissible*\n\nLeftists shooting themselves in the foot with this lazy propaganda.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'u/nwordcountbot u/TheEpicPotato345')
('Libertarian Right', "OP is absolutely right and I'm kind of shocked that people think that the USA are not a secular nation.")
('Libertarian Right', 'I guess that makes sense...')
('Authoritarian Left', "Yes, but why would you club a **baby** seal? He's just a baby")
('Libertarian Left', "Unfathomably based OP, can tell you put a lot of effort into this. Poor so I can't give you any gold, but I can get you an invite to the secret libleft orgy pit if you ask me nicely")
('Libertarian Right', '"random war out of nowhere"')
('Libertarian Right', '\\>/r/Libertarian  \n\\>wants to abolish the state\n\nFuck those statists. All my /r/GoldandBlack homies hate /r/Libertarian\n\nNice meme btw')
('Right', "Can't cuck the tuck")
('Right', 'SCP-1006')
('Right', 'Those who don’t know VS those who know')
('Libertarian Right', 'Ah yes fascist pancakes, the best kind.')
('Authoritarian Left', 'You forgot the purple jeff epstein')
('Libertarian Left', 'Centrist all the way, LETS FOOOOKING GOOOOOOO')
('Libertarian Left', 'What is the orgin of this event?')
('Authoritarian Right', "Actually it's just an English word, derived from a Latin word, derived from the Arabic word Mūmiya. And ancient Egyptians aren't the only ones who made them.")
('Authoritarian Right', 'It’s beautiful... I’ve stared at this for hours')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Given the choice between a company that shares my values and a comparable one that has values diametrically opposed to mine, I will always choose the one with whom I share values. Simple as.')
('Left', "I restart on Reddit periodically.\n\nBut, I don't know why any particular part of the compass would do it.\nI usually just think of a new moniker that I'd like or whatever.")
('Authoritarian Left', '‘If you don’t want to send society back to the 1950s then you are obviously an extreme libertarian’')
('Libertarian Left', 'wait 16 and 17 year olds get taxed in America?')
('Authoritarian Left', "If 18 year olds are called adults but cant make their own decisions on whether or not to drink or smoke, they also shouldn't be taxed.")
('Authoritarian Left', "I'm with authright on this one. :(")
('Libertarian Right', 'Literally nothing good came of this.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Barbatron VI did nothing wrong')
('Libertarian Right', 'What is this sub was the master race after all?')
('Left', 'pornhub ideology')
('Libertarian Left', 'I thought the British ate all the mummies')
('Right', 'U/nwordcountbot u/lilmuzzle')
('Left', 'But you need to change things in order to continue grilling')
('Centrist', 'All hail the centrist God')
('Libertarian Left', 'I’m still gonna go to Chick-fil-A')
('Libertarian Left', "Tucker Carlson spitting facts here but I'm stuck on how ironic that headline is")
('Authoritarian Right', 'Oberweis chads rise up')
('Libertarian Right', 'Banning abortion isn’t authoritarian. If you believe that life begins at conception, then morally banning abortion is the same as making murder illegal, which is still pretty lib')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Like I needed another reason to flammenwerfer commies..')
('Centrist', "Trotsky's been skipping shoulder day, apparently..")
('Libertarian Left', "This is awful even if it's ironic and not ironic. Well done marvel. You've created the proof to the Schrodinger's cat theory. It'd be shit if it was ironic and shit if it wasn't.")
('Libertarian Right', 'Honestly I like Lib left but they just don’t have any sort of economic plan. But the more Andrew taint dog shit I see the more I actually move the other way on compass.')
('Left', 'I mean I don’t disagree but...\n\nThis is a shitty ass “meme.” Just your opinion with a yellow background.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'NOW DO YOU PEOPLE UNDERSTAND WHY NEOLIBERALS ARE THE ENEMY')
('Centrist', 'Imagine a world where we can all meet in the middle!')
('Libertarian Right', 'Same but include felons.')
('Centrist', 'Wait, no wholesome award?')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Nazbol????')
('Libertarian Right', "I am so fucking out of the loop and I don't even want to know what the loop is")
('Authoritarian Right', 'Small but effective at stopping degeneracy')
('Left', 'Vote for Green or PSL')
('Libertarian Left', 'Ameri-Cone Dream is goated.')
('Libertarian Right', 'This but ironically')
('Libertarian Right', 'This deserves to be one of the tops posts.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Ok but yes tbh')
('Libertarian Left', '#*WHEEZE*')
('Right', 'literally who gives a shit? ^besides ^tucker ^carlson')
('Left', 'That was glorious')
('Centrist', 'Nooo not my heckin imaginary clock controlled by humans')
('Libertarian Left', "Why stop at 16 then? Why's it not younger ages too?")
('Libertarian Left', 'Nothing unifies the compass quite like the prospect of certain death and I’m here for it')
('Centrist', 'I got all my income tax back when I was that age, did everyone else not?? I’m pretty sure that’s the last time I didn’t pay in.')
('Libertarian Left', 'So... Daddy then?')
('Centrist', 'Is that nick mullen in the libleft quadrant?')
('Right', "Damn, it's not often that Wales is based.")
('Centrist', 'I cried and camed 10/10')
('Authoritarian Right', 'u/nwordcountbot u/BasedGenerationZ')
('Left', 'when did we have a black quadrant')
('Libertarian Left', "the best post I've seen on this sub and possibly all of reddit.")
('Libertarian Left', "Why are Lib-rights mad? Wouldn't they want a company to uphold their bottom line at all costs?")
('Right', 'Libleft looks like he’s gone sing to his mama how he killed a man')
('Libertarian Right', 'A smaller percentage of the world population are like this but relying on most humans to be like this leads to disaster.')
('Libertarian Right', "The fact that this was even published is wild. Like they didn't just laugh him out tbe door, or better call the cops?")
('Libertarian Right', "Was there any reasonable person who didn't know this? Every institution in this country was all in on a Hillary victory, so Trump had to be destroyed as revenge. I am surprised worse didn't happen to him.")
('Libertarian Right', 'Blessed be the piece makers')
('Libertarian Left', 'I love that bot.')
('Left', 'Wtf I like Tucker now')
('Right', 'You know it is real full compass unity when it is the 3rd most upvoted post here...So far (23rd March)')
('Left', 'I was expecting deep state conspiracy level revelations but all I got were big reveals that literally all of us expected to be the case and almost none of it is technically illegal. 💀')
('Libertarian Left', 'I’m all for representation but this isn’t representation, it’s just a spit in the face')
('Libertarian Left', 'nonstop infinite based')
('Libertarian Left', 'Except for maybe the extreme libleft')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Shhhhhhhhhh')
('Libertarian Left', '/u/nwordcountbot /u/K4d1g4n')
('Left', 'This meme should have been aborted.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Right wingers when bakers don’t make cakes for gay marriages: *”You see, private companies are allowed to serve who they want to.”*\n\n\nWhen racism and death threats get banned by a private company’s website: *incoherent demonic screeching*')
('Libertarian Right', 'Why do I get the boring one?')
('Left', 'Well his sub is pretty antisemitic so I guess that adds up\n\nExcept for that tho based')
('Libertarian Right', 'If they care about respect put them back in the tombs')
('Libertarian Right', 'This is the quality content I’m here for.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'So communal hive mind with extra steps?')
('Left', 'so basically centrists are hitlers cock')
('Libertarian Left', 'Based tho')
('Right', 'Why is there no auth rights here?')
('Libertarian Right', 'I would probably turn nazbol ngl')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Holy shit I love Fox News now')
('Libertarian Right', 'True libright would be pointing out that "representation" is a myth and that everyone is taxed without representation.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'I can hear the screetching')
('Libertarian Left', 'I was really hoping it was a big meme, but apparently it’s not. Time for the “silence, brand” memes.')
('Left', 'Also... Jelly beans are a terrible candy')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Wait can it count me? How can I get it to do that? Do I want to do it?')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Deus Ex is the most prophetic game in existence')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Pinochet isnt auth right tho, he was for a open market')
('Centrist', 'Federally mandated healthcare doesn’t stop folks from dying in plenty of countries, that first tweet is a non-sequiter.')
('Centrist', 'I kept reading it as Anarcho Communist and was confused for a straight min')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Beefical Compass\n\nI hate but love it at the same time.\n\n...Pinochet do be lookin swole doe 🥵')
('Authoritarian Right', 'That’s why we’re here. We can share our memes without AHS stomping down on us.')
('Libertarian Left', 'This has to be the weirdest trend on PCM so far')
('Libertarian Left', '[My reaction](https://media3.giphy.com/media/QgejSvXmwpvnW/giphy.gif?cid=ecf05e47129arm1pm1jkawdr82h3l4n82gkeua7ckwunz9p7&rid=giphy.gif&ct=g)')
('Libertarian Left', 'I have an AuthLeft reaction though. Left unity confirmed?')
('Authoritarian Left', "Summer's going to repeat itself")
('Libertarian Left', 'u/vredditdownloader')
('Libertarian Left', 'I actually have this belief, it makes sense imo')
('Centrist', 'Repooplicans and Democraps Lol')
('Libertarian Right', 'I don’t get it')
('Centrist', 'Noice')
('Centrist', 'I just hope Lin Wood isn’t entirely full of shit and exposes the supposed elite child rape-murder blackmail scheme. \n\nWe’re thiiiiis close to aliens, and I really feel like we should empty the skeletons out of our closet first.')
('Right', 'This seems pretty off. Most current republicans (read: not neocons) don’t care about gay marriage, don’t support the NSA, and would rather we keep to ourselves rather than intervene in shit.')
('Centrist', '"what\'s this?" good question (too blurry to tell)')
('Libertarian Left', 'Based OP.')
('Centrist', 'Lmao in Poland nobody pays taxes until he’s 26. Imagine living in America, the taxation without representation land.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'wtf')
('Libertarian Right', 'This is one of the most interesting PCM storylines in recent history. Good job guys…I think.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'The thing is that this meme accuratly describes the current arguments in many European countries against smoking.')
('Libertarian Right', 'This is it. We’ve peaked. This is the magnum opus of the sub.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Oh God, oh fuck, oh geez!')
('Authoritarian Right', '.')
('Centrist', 'i saw the reddit thread that talked about this, a bunch of morons saying “Y they wear masks???!!” as if it was some sort of gotcha moment to the far right, as if the far left doesn’t do the same thing\n\nedit : i got banned off of a sub for this Lol')
('Left', "Motta, Carte d'or and Sammontana obviously")
('Libertarian Right', "I've never said it before. But this deserves it. BASED.")
('Centrist', 'Imagine thinking people give a shit about your mascots. Almost as bad, imagine giving a shit about corporate mascots.')
('Libertarian Right', 'u/nwordcountbot u/sexy_buns69')
('Authoritarian Right', 'As an authright, i do not care')
('Centrist', 'I like my country')
('Libertarian Left', 'Fucking lmao.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Where’s the lie?')
('Authoritarian Right', 'God I love Fox')
('Left', 'u/userleansbot u/Superslowmojoe')
('Libertarian Left', "Excuse me, but that's compassist.")
('Libertarian Right', "Dear God what happened to Edd's hands in the last frame?!")
('Centrist', "Ain't no way this real")
('Right', 'dont let Corn Pop see this')
('Left', 'Personally I would straight up remove all taxation from wages and tax resurce usage and assets only.\n\nIt incentivizes taking as little resources as possible from the community and using what you have as much as possible')
('Left', 'Lenin: *legalises homosexuality in Russia*\n\nPolitical Compass Test: LIBERTARIAM LEFT')
('Libertarian Right', 'Is this infringing my rights as a social libertarian??? Nani?')
('Left', '“It’s not racist if I think it’s funny, then it’s just a joke”')
('Libertarian Left', "Lol this isn't even a political meme but it's great")
('Centrist', "I took it and got almost right on the center lol I'm far from a centerist")
('Libertarian Left', "My quadrant is always right, except for when it isn't.")
('Authoritarian Left', 'Oooooooh you said retard! AHS gonna be on our asses again now')
('Libertarian Right', 'Did i get the right take away message from this video? \n\nwhich is "but who is gonna cut my lawn now?"   \n\n /joking')
('Libertarian Left', 'Hug me auth-right I’m scared')
('Left', 'Wtf is happening to this sub?')
('Libertarian Right', '"everyone can agree on"')
('Libertarian Left', 'Anyone who thinks that 4 more years of trump would be better for the progressive movement than 4 years of Biden before he inevitably refuses to run for re-election is a full fucking moron lmao')
('Libertarian Right', "OI! WERS YER POISTIN' LOISCENS?")
('Centrist', 'Pretty well put together. I deal with way to many on the upper left and center left side. It\'s boggling the amount of people in those categories calling themselves "Liberals".')
('Authoritarian Left', 'BASED BASED BASED BASED')
('Libertarian Left', 'Rest in peace M&Ms, you were always one of my favorite rappers')
('Left', 'SILENCE, BRAND')
('Libertarian Left', 'SpongeBob taught me that flipping burgers is the greatest joy in life')
('Libertarian Left', 'Reminder that tucker Carlson is a big time trust fund kid who’s been recorded talking about the “working class persona” he puts on')
('Authoritarian Right', 'what if another country is more based than mine? I wish that there was less corruption than there curretly is in my country, dosent mean that im not patriotic.')
('Libertarian Right', 'who tf is maya rudolph')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Arachno-Bloomer is based.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Common authleft L.')
('Right', 'JESUS FUCKING CHRIST\n\nHANZ GET ZE FUCKING FLAMMENWERFER!')
('Centrist', 'In denmark when You are under 18 and working You dont have to pay taxes, unless You earn above 6000$ + - a year.')
('Libertarian Right', 'If only some of the largest companies weren’t overrun by wokies this would be true, but up is down so here we are')
('Authoritarian Right', "I'm an AuthRight as well as a Ben and Jerry's enjoyer. I'm a complicated man and nobody understands me but my woman.")
('Left', "This should... No this *MUST* be r/PCM's new logo")
('Libertarian Right', "... guys I'm beginning to think this ISN'T based.")
('Libertarian Left', "Yeah! Let's elect somebody completely against our core values both politically and socially to show those goddamn neoliberal centrists who's boss!")
('Centrist', 'More like, "shit these kids are too scared to buy tickets to mummy exhibit,  ideas?"')
('Libertarian Left', 'Amazing post OP! Quality content. Thanks for the laughs, I needed it')
('Centrist', 'So my brother is gay and he hates shit like this. Gotta ask tho: does anyone like it when companies do this? Or does it just come off as a mix of bad marketing and cringe virtue signals?')
('Right', 'Nobody likes Pence so we don’t care')
('Right', '“She’s right. We need a system that cares for it’s people. A system where rich, poor, middle class, we all work together. Not class warfare, neither poor attacking rich or rich hurting poor, but **class cooperation**, where we come together, allowing people to grow wealthy and powerful through merit, but where they never forget their debt to their nation and society. A system where taxes are used for social programs like universal healthcare of high quality, where corporations are restrained to ensure the common good, but where unions and workers have to do the same. A system where we take care of our fellow countrymen, ensuring no citizen goes hungry, dies penniless from disease, lives in poverty as others sneer and walk by. \n\nIf only there were an ideology that was some kind of nationalist half-step towards socialism, while still rejecting harmful capitalism...”\n\n~ Benito “Uncle Ben” Mussolini, 1933')
('Authoritarian Right', 'WAH WAH I SAID A BAD WORD')
('Libertarian Right', 'Inshallah.')
('Right', 'No advance in culure since 2000 (they quote Shakespeare ffs)? Maybe they are onto sth...')
('Right', "“And Maureen and Charlotte would stand guard if Al didn't, and to hell with that. The only good thing about Hammerfall, women's lib was dead milliseconds after Hammerstrike.”\r  \n― Larry Niven, Lucifer's Hammer")
('Left', 'I am literally part of an activism group for a lowered voting age and this is a major reason.\n\nTherefore this is a center left idea because all my compatriots from across B.C. are center left')
('Authoritarian Right', "Tucker gets a lot shit because he will say something incredibly stupid on his show every 4-6 months, but between then, he's a very grounded, reasonable, and morally and ideologically consistent commentator. Can't throw the baby out with the bathwater.\n\nThe people who bash him don't actually know what he says or what he stands for. They just get a Young Turks (shutters) soundbite... They just think he's some Bill O'Reilly or Sean Hannity clone. He's not -- like at all. He truly says whatever he wants to and believes in, not what Fox tells him to. His ratings are insane and he's powerful enough to go above his own network's head.\n\nBut yeah, Tucker is one of the most pro-worker political commentators on a mainstream American show. Whether MSNBC, CNN, Fox News, etc. He cares about people's livelihoods and has done some good podcasts with Adam Carolla on the issues of automation, globalism, workers losing their worth, livelihood, etc.\n\n&#x200B;\n\nHe's really an alright, smart guy.")
('Left', 'Auth Left: Angry when hungry\n\nAuth Right: Edgelord \n\nLib Left: Something something gender something something\n\nLib Right: It became briefly popular and then not. Just like an-caps\n\nCenter: Likes pancakes')
('Left', 'Actually based')
('Left', "The one time I'll swallow my pride and patronize authright")
('Libertarian Left', 'Yes. The punchline changes from racial stereotypes to authright')
('Right', 'It was secular in the sense that you could choose between being a Jew or a Christian.  If the founding fathers saw what people refer to as secular today, they would have made another amendment.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'When AHS complains that we’re too toxic, show them this.\n\nGreat work, friend')
('Libertarian Left', "The fact that the furry in the bull costume is in all the pictures suggests this wasn't all AuthRight.")
('Libertarian Right', 'Non - citizens who work in the USA are taxed and cannot vote and I am more than fine with that')
('Libertarian Left', 'take that mask off auth right fascist')
('Right', 'This is true because for all their big talk about accepting diverse sexual orientations, libleft are sexless prudes with restrictive sexual mores.')
('Centrist', 'Ever since Jesus commanded the president to hold a horse-race across America to collect His body parts -- then commands a cripple to murder the POTUS -- the US has become a soft-theocracy.')
('Centrist', 'This gives off Doge Lore vibes. Someone redo this with doge. It will work perfectly, I promise.')
('Libertarian Right', '“Me kill tirant”\nMy brother in Christ the authlefts you’re siding with are about to become (arguably, don’t know enough Russian history) bigger tyrants.\n\nThis is why lib Unity is better than left/right Unity.')
('Authoritarian Left', 'This is some libleft shit, dunno why the wojak is in red')
('Libertarian Right', 'It may be the most useless degree out there')
('Libertarian Left', 'How the fuck am I agreeing with Tucker Carlson')
('Libertarian Right', 'California on CRT: here is why financial literacy is systematically racist. \n\nFlorida: here is how to spend less that you make.')
('Right', 'Ha ha left wing go brr')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Darn.')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Based Tucker Carlson ?!?')
('Libertarian Left', 'You know what? That’s fair.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Also btw, this is a good edit, kudos to OP')
('Libertarian Left', "I mean... Yeah I could've gone for not having taxes until I turned 18. Also, illegal immigrants pay taxes in an attempt to become American citizens and they aren't represented.")
('Left', 'Based and us watermelons need to do our part against Emily pilled')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Everybody clapped 👏')
('Centrist', "If you don't tip, they charge a no-tipping fee.")
('Authoritarian Right', 'Tbh I gotta say the Political Compass test has really united political opponents and introduced an astounding new way of thinking.\n\nEvery single one of us in this subreddit deserves a pat on the back and a hug (Even the grillers and neolibs!) for being hundreds, if not thousands of levels above the one-axisers.\n\nI love this circlejerk so much!! Everyone is fucking awesome!')
('Centrist', 'Truly based')
('Centrist', 'What in tucker Carlson am I looking at?')
('Centrist', 'If I want to drink and drive then damn it I will.')
('Left', "This is why I hate the modern west. They're degenerate warmongers that won't stop until we're all drinking Soylent with a big. They will destroy all the beautiful cultures in this world that makes us all unique so that we would become cultureless and familess cattle.")
('Authoritarian Right', 'Wait, I wasn’t aborted')
('Centrist', 'I am the elevated centrist fr!!')
('Libertarian Right', '"For his own sake the Lord shall grill; and he will; and it will be good"')
('Libertarian Left', 'Saved thank you.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Tucker has always been extraordinarily based')
('Centrist', 'RATM sold out their principals when they didn’t go against ticket master. Fuck RATM!')
('Libertarian Left', 'I actually agree with them')
('Libertarian Left', 'Now make a bot count for the word "snowflake" we\'ll see how much they argue on the Internet.')
('Left', 'Yall are so dumb. \n\nIf they all get arrested, we can spare ourselves a second Biden presidency, a second Trump presidency and a second Pence vice-presidency. \n\nManifesting them being put in Guatemala Bay 🥰🤞')
('Libertarian Left', 'Nah I’d rather just give ‘em the right to vote. The “dumb” ones probably wouldn’t vote anyway.')
('Centrist', 'Too poor to afford an award, but absolutely based work comrade')
('Right', 'You guys should try out the test on isidewith.com \n\n\nIt’s really in depth and nuanced')
('Libertarian Right', 'I like marvel but this is just shit')
('Libertarian Left', 'u/nwordcountbot u/yaakovb39')
('Libertarian Right', "TBH, I was an expert on politics, before I took the test. It just confirmed what I already know, which is that I'm smart and all other quadrants are retarded.")
('Libertarian Left', 'Woah im libright now?')
('Right', 'Jesus Christ I have the brain of a fucking chimp you have to slow the fuck down I can’t fucking read that fast.')
('Left', "I'm Canadian. I'm just happy that Biden lifted the trade-embargo on us; still would have gone with Elizabeth Warren if I were a U.S. citizen. \n  Sue me for being biased, but she seems to be the only candidate that seems semi-competant. Plus, she's fiscally conservative, and has a lot of experience dealing with debt-fraud; as someone who's still trying to pay off student loans, I can respect that.")
('Libertarian Left', 'Who the guy on the libleft?')
('Libertarian Right', "Joke's on you, I'm catholic.")
('Centrist', 'Well, safe to say the bar has lowered.')
('Right', 'Reagan is a C or D tier president imo. Definitely not the 2nd worst modern one.')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Hehe')
('Left', 'Why would libright give a shit? Reddit is a private company and can do whatever it wants')
('Authoritarian Right', 'They are literally just checking all the boxes for “oppressed minority” and “loser” stuff.\n\nScreentime: meme obsessed weird teen.\n\nSnowflake: non binary ugly black girl.\n\nSafespace: “jock” wearing pink booty shorts. Something something black so oppressed. Can’t attack can only defend what a pussy.\n\nB-Negative: retarded name, but I could say that about any of them. Weird emo goth vampire like wtf.\n\nTrailblazer: obese black girl who has no powers or anything struggling with mental health. Are you fucking kidding me?\n\nI don’t have a problem with black superheroes, but when it’s just stupid ass pandering like this shit, it’s not ok.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Nope')
('Libertarian Left', 'Same with illegal immigrants that pay income tax mwa hahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahhahahahahhahaha')
('Left', 'This but unironically')
('Centrist', 'You guys ready for 4 more years of trump memes? You better be.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Wait, its a riot, why? I thought its a peaceful protest')
('Libertarian Right', 'We went from the most discussed thing on the internet being Callmecarson allegations to this in the space of 24 hours...')
('Right', "Dude, this clock is delayed af. We had like 4 apocalypses in the last 3 years, and only now it's moving? I'm not impressed.")
('Right', 'How does this work?')
('Libertarian Right', 'When will Al Gore and Bill Clinton get a surprise ~~raid~~ inspection.')
('Libertarian Left', 'No one is happy with the content in basic classes such as English, why would financial literacy be any different.\n\nSpeaking from experience a few years ago, my public HS financial literacy class could be boiled down to "don\'t get into debt so you don\'t have to worry about spiraling interest. Pay for your car and college in cash, and along that line don\'t use credit cards"\n\nIt was horse shit')
('Libertarian Left', 'Nah this is facts')
('Libertarian Left', "This concept sucks sooo bad and it's so outwardly cringy that they'll inevitably surprise everyone as they turn out to be the greatest superheroes of our generation.")
('Centrist', "I've taken poops with better writing abilities than whoever duked this out.")
('Right', 'Better than musk deciding what we see..')
('Libertarian Left', "Logically, then either minors shouldn't be allowed to work or minors should be allowed to vote")
('Libertarian Left', '“Can you zoom in on that?”\n\nEnhance. *Enhance.* **Enhance.**')
('Authoritarian Left', 'BASED BASED BASED BASED BASED BASED BASED \n\nALMOST')
('Centrist', 'Please be gentle papa Trotsky')
('Centrist', 'Its really entertaining to watch tho')
('Libertarian Right', 'Nothing will change. All these losers out here like “i’M pOoR bEcAuSe nO oNe TauGhT mE AbOuT moNeY iN sChooL.” Like you would have paid any more attention to that than how to calculate the hypotenuse of a right triangle.')
('Right', "Honestly the vast majority of Republicans iv talked to have bean fine with homosexuality being legal. They just don't support it because of their religion but are fine with it be allowed. Most are pretty mild on interventionism as well.  Abortion yeah most want it illegal and they are pretty militaristic but its not like they're super authright. Probable closer to right center.")
('Libertarian Left', "It benefits trump, but it's not like senile guy got a chance")
('Libertarian Left', "I hate that M&M's thinks anybody cares about the fucking boots they put on their shitty mascots.")
('Libertarian Left', 'Get that demented authoritarian fool out of my quadrant!!')
('Libertarian Left', 'Bro wake up new circlejerk just dropped')
('Centrist', 'Most atrocious part are their haircuts')
('Libertarian Left', "Service is great.   Do you fare share.  I do. Of course it's selfish because you do it to feel good about yourself at best, or your own selfish reasons ar worst.")
('Right', 'r/libertarian is cringe. r/goldandblack is the way to go')
('Centrist', 'Just joyned the sub and you guys are awesome.\nHow do you get one of those tags? Which one should I get? And do those nice bots work on other subs as well? I need to try them out on myself')
('Left', 'Thanks, I hate the “new heroes”')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Atheists, explain the grilling God.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Oi')
('Libertarian Right', 'Goth ihop sounds great')
('Authoritarian Left', 'u/redditsave')
('Centrist', 'I hope Biden wins, even more fun looking at the US. But you poor Americans, I hope you get a good president in 4 years.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Yeah, but fuck Pence. \n\nAll my homies hate Pence.')
('Centrist', 'Someone call auth right we gonna need bibles and crosses')
('Libertarian Left', 'This is my kink')
('Authoritarian Right', 'what the FUCK is a small government')
('Libertarian Right', 'Wtf kimbo slice is dead?\n\nWtf kimbo slice has been dead for 6+ years?')
('Centrist', 'Based\n\nyou deserve it')
('Centrist', 'Yes')
('Left', 'Can I please get the context?')
('Libertarian Right', 'Classic "centrist" post here')
('Libertarian Left', 'Fair')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Hold the fuck up, do they want to support Israel though?')
('Left', 'I thought the Right generally liked Reagan some even basically worshipping him')
('Left', "We have the same kind of reservation bullshit in India. As a result the doctors at government funded hospitals are so bad they're the type to leave hand towels and surgical equipment in your body after a surgery.")
('Centrist', "Personally I just hate how it's just accepted now that to want any leftward progress you have to also want to increase the size of government.\n\nI do actually want a relatively small government, but I still want to tax land very heavily and distribute most of that money to everyone equally as UBI. I just don't think the government should run around slapping price controls on things and nationalizing industries, or telling people what they can and can't do in their own homes. They should stick to the things they are needed for like redistribution, health, safety and the environment.")
('Right', "\\*rage against the (i can't say mothers it's transphobic) machine\\*")
('Authoritarian Right', 'Feline good cause Cat-holic.')
('Authoritarian Left', 'No, this is good.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Oh authright, was this really the only way to respond?\n\n\\*checks notes\\*\n\nAh, I see.  Okay it actually was the only way to respond.')
('Libertarian Right', 'I think we all know what’s really going on.')
('Libertarian Right', 'I gotta try this')
('Left', 'u/nwordcountbot u/thardoc')
('Right', 'It’s a mental illness at this point')
('Libertarian Left', 'Only 3 hours??')
('Authoritarian Right', 'America was never founded as a Christian nation\n\nA mistake we should correct')
('Libertarian Left', 'is that freddie fucking mercury for libleft')
('Authoritarian Right', '[deleted]')
('Libertarian Left', "Pretty sure there's lib unity on this one")
('Authoritarian Left', 'No one green or red should support Biden')
('Left', 'How are these illegal guns originally obtained? Like where did the dude that gave a criminal an illegal gun get his illegal gun from? Surely there’s a origin point?')
('Libertarian Left', 'What is sauce and why’s everyone asking for it?')
('Centrist', 'As someone whonhas lived in a welfare state their entire life, what are the benefits of a small welfare state? The only one I can think of from the top of my head are the welfare traps in which you make about as much not working as when working in low income positions and lose it if you start working or start a company. There is talk about fixing this with UBI.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Geez, this really went places.')
('Left', 'I’m doing this on myself.')
('Libertarian Right', 'reddit admins are leftist cucks anyway')
('Left', 'youre right but you shouldnt say it')
('Libertarian Right', "Bruh.\n\nLibright is all about that voluntary free shit.\n\nIt's when you steal my money to pay for your shit that we get mad")
('Libertarian Left', 'You assume I wasn’t voting green to begin with')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Republicans are centrists. Democrats are centrists\n\nChange my mind')
('Left', 'If life was a television series this was the shocker intro for episode 1, season 2021. Next there going to be a big reveal of a formally dead or MIA side character coming back in a surprise reveal.')
('Right', "Pack it in folks, this sub hit it's peak. All downhill from here.\n\nBased.")
('Authoritarian Left', 'This shit is good, especially with trotsky there')
('Libertarian Left', 'MMMOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM CLETUS SAID THE N-WORD AGAIN')
('Libertarian Left', 'Cha cha real smooth')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Portraying everyone as they are ultra mega chads because deep down political positions are nothing compared to the community we built up I mean communists can have a productive discussion with Nazis on this subreddit for fucks sake.')
('Centrist', "Wow I've seen this guy in a new light now. I still think he's an idiot most of the time, but damn he was really spot on this time")
('Centrist', 'I mean they are literally correct')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Try me.')
('Libertarian Left', 'That’s not a pika clone that’s just raichu')
('Centrist', 'Except this then promotes child labor and leaving school early. Also, people will loophole this to no end.')
('Libertarian Right', 'BBC - “the vaccine is safe and effective”\n\nImagine still believing corporate media in 2023')
('Left', "The Trump administration has been anything but small government. How MAGA Republicans don't see this glaring inconsistency is beyond me.")
('Libertarian Right', 'Molon Labe.')
('Libertarian Right', 'why do people think Trotsky wasnt auth he literally was as auth as Stalin')
('Libertarian Left', '"Whoa whoa whoa, you didn\'t tell me *I* was getting the money!"')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Why would I care how many times I’ve said nigger')
('Authoritarian Right', "HA! I already know the Early Life Section of the new 'mascot'")
('Libertarian Right', "it's not censorship if the left likes it.")
('Libertarian Right', 'Why is libright sad? I hate m&Ms why would I care about the woke version of them')
('Libertarian Right', 'Maya rudolph the star of idiocracy must be basking in the irony')
('Authoritarian Left', 'u/nwordcountbot u/no-nominal')
('Authoritarian Left', "Well, wasn't Malcolm X a segregationist/black separatist? Plus a conservative, traditionalist Muslim.\n\nSo maybe not completely out of place among blues.")
('Libertarian Right', '😭')
('Libertarian Right', "It's (D)ifferent.\n\nDoesn't get old watching these morons explain how tech companies and the Biden admin working together to censor people isn't fascism, though.")
('Authoritarian Right', "idc that I'm AuthRight, I've never watched Tucker Carlson. but apparently they're changing their..uhh..mascot/spokesperson because he went on some sort of a rant on his show?? really, a giant candy corporation is giving this random dude that much power? he can rant about your dumbass advertising campaign and you suddenly change one of the biggest parts of your image? what on earth is this game they're playing LOL")
('Centrist', 'Wait, it’s all centrism')
('Right', 'Peanut brain: be a Nazi \n\nLemon brain: be a Democrat pretending to be a Nazi to discredit the republicans \n\nRegular brain: Be a republican pretending to be a democrat pretending to be a Nazi to discredit all the accusations that NAZIs are in the Republican Party. \n\nGalaxy brain: Be a Nazi pretending to be a republican pretending to be a democrat pretending to be a Nazi to convince everyone NAZIs don’t really exist')
('Left', 'Dont 👏 say 👏 the 👏 n-word 👏 if 👏 you 👏 dont 👏 own 👏 slaves')
('Centrist', "Eh, a lot of wiki volunteers do-so they can push their preferred narrative, it's not exactly altruistic.")
('Libertarian Left', 'Link for the hoodie tho? High key looks kinda fire🔥👀')
('Libertarian Right', '"Do you want to live in a world where everything is run by an evil, racist, sexist corproration that eats children and nukes third world countries?"\n\nNo? Congratz, you are LibLeft.')
('Right', 'What a tard')
('Libertarian Left', 'a')
('Libertarian Left', 'Isn’t it a word created by the British to describe a body that has gone through the Egyptian embalming process')
('Centrist', "There's a reason all the guys on the outside are admiring the center.")
('Libertarian Right', 'I am opening a new hospital to anyone on the left.  It is a brain cancer testing company.  Through a series of question, I can 100% tell if you have brain cancer or not.  Space is limited!  Get tested today!')
('Libertarian Left', "Hahaha that's really funny! Now do aborted half gorilla!")
('Left', 'I think the reaction of lib left and auth left should be swapped')
('Left', 'I hope wojak is in these comics.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Thank you Jesus, very cool')
('Libertarian Left', 'Nah the 2nd worst modern President is Bush 43.')
('Left', 'Wish people would take this more seriously.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Lib Left not a woman smh\n\nEdit: maybe it is a woman, one who is so trans she’ll fool anyone, in which case it fits super well')
('Right', 'Free Healthcare is an oxymoron')
('Libertarian Left', 'As a lib left I strongly agree')
('Left', 'Also Centrists: Punishing Trump for his crimes is out of the question though because "the country needs to heal" or some bullshit.\n\nEdit: Stoking insurrection? Probably a crime. Calm yer tits.')
('Right', 'and this is how covid infects')
('Right', '“That’s it give into your anger, it makes you focus, makes you stronger”')
('Centrist', 'I’ve met a few wignats who support Malcolm X because he wanted to segregate')
('Centrist', "Right, just claim your retard.  He's not centrist, he's anti progress.")
('Left', 'Honestly, yeah.')
('Authoritarian Left', 'This is bad? You could go to prison for like a decade for cocaine in the states')
('Libertarian Right', 'Triggering (((them))) ebin style')
('Libertarian Left', 'u/vredditdownloader sorry for the notification op, im sorting by top of all time')
('Libertarian Right', 'If I don’t vote i shouldn’t be taxed else it’s taxation without representation smh')
('Libertarian Left', 'TF is that black part of the image and the half cut word?')
('Libertarian Left', 'I actually agree with this tho')
('Libertarian Left', 'This sub is such dogshit, comparing libleft protests to this shit. What an agenda machine this fucking sub is')
('Libertarian Left', 'I love you guys')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Nope. u/nwordcountbot u/letsgoraiding')
('Authoritarian Left', 'based')
('Centrist', 'put Jesus on all of em and go outside please')
('Libertarian Right', 'Solid left post lmao.')
('Authoritarian Left', 'patriotism is very silly')
('Libertarian Left', 'u/nwordcountbot u/BillyBobJones1')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Ok this is actually a really good point.')
('Authoritarian Left', 'I don’t care about the contents of the meme or OP’s affiliation if OP makes fun of their own quadrants it’s based and upvoted')
('Centrist', "We aren't so retarded...")
('Left', '"Go vote for someone else"\n-Joe Biden, 2020')
('Right', 'Silly Westoids, all major Companies have fallen to the Asians….soon Agent Tulsi will get us the American Nuclear codes and Rishi Sunak will betray the Anglos as Europe will fall to the African and Muslims.')
('Right', 'Volunteer firefighters, FOSS programmers, wikipedia editors and mods 🤢. Are all outliers and building a scoeity with volunteers thinking that all people will behave like the outliers is primitive thinking.')
('Authoritarian Right', "true, we're all cringe soyjaks\n\nhowever \n\nyou are unflaired, and nothing you say matters")
('Libertarian Right', 'Who actually likes pence?')
('Libertarian Right', 'The answer to this is representation via parents/guardians')
('Libertarian Left', 'I thought they get all their money back at the end of the year???')
('Left', 'The majority of the centrist is libertarian\n\nBased')
('Centrist', "This was a requirement in WV when I was in high school twenty years ago. Most people knocked it out their freshman year. It didn't change anything, poverty in WV is just as bad or worse today than it was back then.")
('Libertarian Right', 'Just testing my flair on an old post, don’t mind me.')
('Centrist', 'B-but I am political expert')
('Right', 'Pretty sure Trump has been very consistent in saying he wanted to take troops home and was a   reason he got elected in the first place.')
('Libertarian Left', 'I actually teach my kids parts of this in school.\n\nETFs, HYSAs, etc. \n\nOne of the other teachers said I was teaching them to be capitalists. \n\nSaving money is not just a capitalist thing to do.')
('Right', 'When the AI revolution happens you will be happy you tipped them lol')
('Centrist', 'just shut the fuck up an eat the damn things')
('Libertarian Right', 'I am offended')
('Left', 'People seem to think that all degrees are purely tailored to specific jobs when fields like gender studies equip you with transferable skills that you can use in multiple career paths. I’m doing IR+History+Politics but I can also pursue a legal career with my degree because of the skills that I’m taught.')
('Right', 'I’m pretty happy that people are standing up to the government but then against they’re fucking rioting to put Trump in power. Can’t it be for a better cause like the next time they try to ban guns the boog boys storm DC.')
('Authoritarian Right', "Fuck you Reagan, blue quadrant was based imperialism and empires and now we're just associated with boomer christians.")
('Authoritarian Right', 'Ok, I may not like Bethesda, but respect to the Middle Eastern one')
('Libertarian Left', "Guess I'm LibRight now")
('Libertarian Left', 'A nationalist and a patriot are not the same thing.')
('Centrist', 'I am waiting for anti-sjw brainlets on yt to try justifying this.')
('Left', '>me just sitting in a chair at the DMV\n\n>in some context, I am "presenting"\n\nI am presenting nothing.')
('Libertarian Left', 'You have to be 25 years old to run for Congress and that’s the minimum age for federal office. So technically you don’t have true federal representation until you’re 25.')
('Centrist', '"Illegal" meaning stolen. Ghost guns are a nothing burger, just a fun project for hobbyists. If you\'re a gun owner please consider buying/building a gun safe, and for the love of god don\'t leave your pistol in your car.')
('Libertarian Right', 'You do realize that the government is just giving back what they took from you, to begin with?')
('Centrist', 'And potential consumer')
('Authoritarian Left', 'u/userleansbpt u/42170')
('Centrist', "i don't have a passport, I don't go to nightclubs. i drive but i also had no vehicle for a decade and can survive without one. not saying im not gonna speak out. just saying im not gonna stop doing drugs because of coercion. im gonna stop doing drugs because I couldn't find another body to inhabit anywhere online. not even amazon")
('Libertarian Left', 'I mean yeah, he\'s as the right would say, a "swamp monster"')
('Libertarian Right', "It's not free in EU though. It's taken from your salary and it's not cheap! It can go up to 900 euro/month in Germany. Fuck public, go private.")
('Right', 'The tsar and tsarina, okay that could be fine but the entire fucking family, and the servants? and they mutilated the bodies of all of them like what the fuck? Oh and the empress and oldest daughter died trying to bless themselves and Nicolas was shot asking what, probably because of his family also being sentenced when they had been previously told that only he would die when the civil war died down. The children initially survived because of diamonds hidden in their clothes, but the intoxicated guards tried to use their bayonets on them, and when that failed, for lack of a better term, mag dumped them with side arms. Oh and when burying them, they molested the bodies of the tsarina and oldest daughter. The one man in the execution who wasn’t drunk off his ass or trying to loot the diamonds hidden in their clothes was the commander who ordered the whole thing. He had to threaten to kill his own men more than once to stop them from looting. They dissolved the bodies with acid more than once, beat them with their rifles and detonated grenades on them. Oh and one of the sisters and Alexi where chosen to be buried apart from the family, only after they burnt the bodies and smashed the bones. They did it hastily so there was a trail of belt buckles, buttons and missed gemstones following the paths of their bodies.')
('Centrist', 'Ladies and gentlemen, 2020 was just the beginning...')
('Libertarian Left', 'if your kid feels more comfortable talking to their teacher than they do to you maybe you should reevaluate your parenting. schools do this to protect kids from abusive parents.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'I mean.... both candidates are crap so you might as well vote for either of them, you’re still pretty fucked. At the end of the day is not as if you actually choose your President anyway so who cares?')
('Libertarian Right', "We've lost an ally, gents.")
('Libertarian Right', 'I sacrifice political opinion for constancy')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Turning Red')
('Libertarian Left', 'Adam sm 👏 ith wa 👏 s criti 👏cal of capit👏alism\n\nOther than that great post now i want a femme version 🙃')
('Left', 'Did someone say banana republic?')
('Right', 'I would give up my right to vote if it meant that I didn’t have to pay taxes.')
('Authoritarian Left', 'Hahaha this is accurate')
('Left', 'Wait what the fuck? Did Tucker Carlson just have a good idea?')
('Libertarian Right', "that's the most based meme I've seen in all my life")
('Authoritarian Right', 'When a company does something "controversial" and woke you just know that something shady is going on that they want to distracted from')
('Centrist', 'Except Brazilians adore Bolsonaro.')
('Libertarian Right', 'Hi feds!')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Lol fools my power level grows by the day')
('Centrist', 'Oh god that’s the   s h i t')
('Left', 'I do not understand this meme my head hurts')
('Libertarian Right', '"the only difference between auth right and auth left is a love of free money"     \n   \nSounds reasonable.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'did anyone say that they wanted sexier candy? i thought people were upset because a candy was being changed as some sort of weird, uncalled for, feminist move.')
('Right', 'A moment of silence please.\n⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀\n\n⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀\nThank you, carry on.')
('Centrist', 'G R I L L T I M E')
('Libertarian Left', "Puerto Rico pay taxes and don't vote.")
('Right', 'I posted this in r/PoliticalHumor and they are so butthurt')
('Right', 'The effort in this is mental, love it mate!')
('Left', 'u/nwordcountbot u/ReBoRN282')
('Libertarian Left', 'And thus the slope grows a little slipperier.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Libleft likes it')
('Libertarian Left', 'One of this is laughing at the racist thing, the other is laughing at calling the person racist.')
('Left', 'RightCenter looks like George Washington')
('Right', 'Oh god the truth ...it hurts!!')
('Authoritarian Right', 'I just feel good when I volunteer but whatevs')
('Libertarian Right', 'The criticism of Reagan\'s handling of the USSR is a level of cope I rarely see. The USSR ended detente with their stupid idea to stabilize their communist allies in Afghanistan. You can\'t start wars and call for international disarmament at the same time.\n\nReagan didn\'t "create al-Queda", he gave weapons to the Mujahadeen who were resisting the Soviet invasion. The Mujahadeen was comprised of different groups from all over the world who later fought each other during the Afghan Civil War following the Soviet withdrawal. Osama bin Laden is the founder of AQ, and they were just one of the groups operating in Afghanistan after the war. \n\nGorbachev\'s request to get rid of Soviet nukes in exchange for America doing the same was made when the Soviets had zero leverage because of the impending collapse of the Soviet economy. By the time Gorbachev took power in 1985, 1 out of every 3 loaves of bread consumed in the USSR were imported. The problem for the Soviets was that the oil money they used to purchase foreign goods was gone by 1985. Why was it gone? Because the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan spooked the Saudis into aligning with the US and decreasing the price of oil. The goal of this collaboration was to choke the Soviet wallet and prevent the USSR from further aggression in the Muslim world. Facing a food crisis and no funds to import goods, Gorbachev needed to come to a deal with Reagan, and it was the Reagan administration that forced Gorbachev to grant political rights in the USSR. The offer to get rid of all nukes was just a publicity stunt that no one was interested in accepting. \n\nReagan wasn\'t perfect, but his handling of the USSR and using their own aggression against them was brilliant. The real second-worst president of the modern era was Barack Obama btw.')
('Centrist', 'This is beautiful. Now we need actual historical figures to represent centerist and rad center.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Greetings! It is me, coorperation. I support [relavent social movement]. See that my profile picture has been changed to the appropriate colors. Purchase my products and consume my media.')
('Left', 'Can this sub not normalize the use of retard please just contributes to more arrogance.')
('Right', 'Why is the Indonesian wearing a turban?')
('Authoritarian Right', 'You claim the protesters are auth right but protesting is lib lefts thing...curious.\n\n\nBut jokes aside what the fuck you guys, you are making the rest of as look bad. "Peaceful Protests" are lib lefts thing')
('Libertarian Right', 'I’m curious how someone can get paid at being so shit at their job lol')
('Libertarian Right', 'We have this in the netherlands')
('Right', 'Actually pretty based')
('Libertarian Right', 'My one improvement would be to replace Pinochet with a theocrat of OP’s choice.')
('Authoritarian Right', "Oh my, did telling customers that it's okay to be fat somehow go over wrong coming from a candy brand?")
('Centrist', 'u/vredditdownloader')
('Left', 'British children are all canceled for using the m slur on their mothers')
('Libertarian Right', '🤔\n\nI really and truly could have sworn to God that in order to be a comedian, you had to be funny.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Literally the Polish armed forces before a fight. Based')
('Right', "Based.\n\nIf this doesn't make it to r/all, then Reddit fails.")
('Libertarian Right', 'HEY\nnot cool')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Uh... Mods')
('Libertarian Left', 'That’s not libright that’s just facts bro we all agree on that')
('Right', 'You can release people from slavery but it is impossible to give them freedom.')
('Libertarian Left', 'Same with prisoners')
('Libertarian Left', 'I mean auths are against human rights tbf')
('Authoritarian Right', "I must have some scent on me or something that makes cats stay away from me. I've never come across a cat that I could get along with lol")
('Libertarian Right', 'Can everyone get behind this tho? This is too based.')
('Right', 'Yes no way this post was a joke /s')
('Libertarian Right', 'Too bad, I’m already engaged. Time is money.')
('Libertarian Right', 'u/nwordcountbot u/zepherys713')
('Libertarian Right', 'Once again I am proved right that Calvin Coolidge was the best us president')
('Centrist', 'I bet some racists will really appreciate when someone they see as an "Untermensch"  acknowledges their position in the ideology.\n\nIt\'s like a gay Christian man saying he is a degenerate, I compare it to that because I met someone like that once.')
('Centrist', "Oh trust me, I don't give a shit. I'm just sitting here amused, eating Doritos.")
('Centrist', "[The website](https://www.marvel.com/articles/comics/introducing-the-new-new-warriors) has this to say:\n\n“They’re hyper aware of modern culture and optics, and they see their Super Heroics as ‘a post-ironic meditation on using violence to combat bullying.’ They're probably streaming this.”\n\n*”a post-ironic meditation on using violence to combat bullying.”*\n\nI no longer hate these characters.")
('Libertarian Right', "Luckily the bot only searches back a few hundred comments or something so it's not very accurate.")
('Centrist', 'Good Lord, if you’re actually worried about anything people do on this planet after you check out then you need to check into a mental hospital.')
('Libertarian Right', "This is the funniest shit. Just the fucking song in the background I love all of it. The slow transition when he started taking about how it's the rich people that are dividing America, it's all great. 10/10 based meme.")
('Authoritarian Right', 'the niggerbot is a badge of honor for us')
('Right', 'Bru')
('Right', 'Stealing them was not offensive i guess?')
('Libertarian Right', "We're going full retard r/politics with all the awards thrown around... Though its clearly deserved in this case.")
('Libertarian Right', "Isn't marvel known for its fake wokeness? This genuinely sounds like a mockery made by some right wing chud")
('Left', 'We stan the lib unity')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Make Extremism Great Again')
('Right', 'Reagan is not my favorite but he was fairly good. I do think he is over hyped by boomers though.')
('Libertarian Right', 'This is amazing')
('Centrist', 'This will cause people to start questioning the tipping culture.')
('Libertarian Left', "Things I wasn't responsible for make me superior to others because of reasons they weren't responsible for. /s")
('Left', 'When you didn’t buy the product but still stick with it')
('Libertarian Right', "I don't like him either.")
('Libertarian Right', 'Sucks for Americans that they have a two party system lol.')
('Authoritarian Right', 'Try me b word')
('Right', 'True, it is just candy. So why do what they did in the first place?')
('Right', '[Idaho senator unsuccessfully tries to remove rape and incest abortion exemptions](https://www.ktvb.com/amp/article/news/local/idaho-press/idaho-senator-unsuccessfully-tries-to-remove-rape-incest-abortion-exemptions/277-871e7800-09c3-4b35-8c13-8ddfae0bb81f)\n\nSpeaking on Martin Luther King Jr. Day, Herndon equated his efforts to offer “equal protection” under the law to fetuses to King’s civil rights efforts.\n \nAuthor: Laura Guido, Idaho Press\nPublished: 1:24 PM MST January 17, 2023\nUpdated: 1:24 PM MST January 17, 2023\nBOISE, Idaho — This article first appeared in the Idaho Press.\n\nIn four pieces of proposed legislation, Sen. Scott Herndon, R-Sagle, sought to change the state’s abortion laws, remove requirements for public works contractors to provide bathrooms that align with gender identity, and strengthen the state’s “Stand Your Ground” laws; the one proposal of his that the Senate State Affairs Committee members did not vote to introduce would have removed rape and incest exemptions from Idaho’s abortion bans.\n\n\nSpeaking on Martin Luther King Jr. Day/Idaho Human Rights Day, Herndon equated his efforts to offer “equal protection” under the law to fetuses to King’s civil rights efforts.\n\n“It’s kind of auspicious that today is Martin Luther King Jr. Day, and he spent 13 years advancing the civil rights of people based on certain characteristics, and this does the same thing,” Herndon told the committee.\n\nMinority Leader Sen. Melissa Wintrow, D-Boise, asked about situations in which teenage girls were raped by an uncle or father and if that girl would be forced to carry her pregnancy to term under Herndon’s proposed legislation.\n\nHerndon replied, “some people could describe the situation that you’re talking about as the opportunity to have the child under those terrible circumstances, if the rape actually occurred.”\n\nCurrently, the abortion ban includes an affirmative defense for abortions performed in cases of rape and incest if a police report is filed, but Herndon said that is merely an allegation that a rape or incest took place.\n\nThe committee voted to return the proposal to the senator rather than introducing it as a bill, with only Sen. Ben Toews, R-Coeur d’Alene, voting against it.\n\nSen. Treg Bernt, R-Meridian, told the Idaho Press he felt the proposed legislation went too far.\n\n“Those exemptions are important and need to be respected under the law,” Bernt said.\n\nSens. Chuck Winder, R-Boise; Kelly Anthon, R-Burley; and Abby Lee, R-Fruitland, were absent.\n\nThe legislation Herndon did successfully introduce relating to abortion would add definitions of abortion and embryo or fetus. The proposal would amend the state’s trigger ban to say that embryo or fetus would, “mean any human in utero”—which Herndon said would clarify that the criminal penalties for performing an abortion do not apply to treatment for an ectopic pregnancy, which is when the fetus develops outside of the uterus.\n\n\nThe bill would add the definition, “‘Abortion’ means the use or prescription of any instrument, medicine, drug, or other substance or device to intentionally kill a living embryo or fetus. ‘Abortion’ shall not include the unintentional death of any human embryo or fetus.”\n\nHe said adding that the embryo or fetus is “living” and clarified that there would be no prosecution if an abortion was done when the fetus had miscarried.\n\nThe proposed bill adds that any person who provides care to a pregnant woman to save her life that results in the accidental death or injury to the fetus will not be prosecuted under the ban. Previously this only applied to healthcare professionals, but Herndon said he wanted to expand it to include all first responders.\n\nBernt said he would vote to introduce the legislation, “just to do more research on it.”\n\n“I just need to learn more about it,” the freshman Senator told the Idaho Press. He said he’d want to reach out to healthcare professionals as he looked into this legislation and its potential effects.\n\nHerndon on Monday morning also brought forward legislation which, unless it’s required by federal law, states that public works contractors are not required to offer access to multiple-occupancy bathroom, changing room, or shower facilities to those whose gender identity is different from their biological sex.\n\nIn 2014, President Barack Obama signed an executive order banning federal contracts from discriminating on the basis of gender identity or sexual orientation. Herndon said that in projects in which federal funds are not used, the contracts do not have to include provisions that would allow people to use the bathrooms that align with their gender identity.\n\nWintrow asked Herndon, “I’m curious, how do we know somebody is transgender and how would we prohibit them from using a bathroom or shower facility?”\n\nHerndon said the bill only prohibits provisions in contracts and would not be determining if people are transgender.\n\nWintrow was the only committee member to vote against the introduction of the legislation.\n\n\nHerndon, in his fourth proposal of the day, sought to add to the state’s “Stand Your Ground” laws, which allow for use of deadly force if someone is “protecting himself or his family by reasonable means necessary” and if they reasonably fear “imminent peril of death or serious bodily injury,” the current law states.\n\nHerndon would like to add a section to the current statute that would allow for a pre-trial immunity hearing within 14 days if someone is arrested for use of force and they file a motion to dismiss on the basis of self-defense.\n\nTo overcome the immunity, prosecutors would have to prove “by clear and convincing evidence,” which is an elevated standard of evidence.\n\nIf a case went to trial, and a jury found the defendant not guilty, there would be a separate question posed to the jury about whether the finding was based upon self-defense. If the jury answered yes, the judge could require the recovery of all of the defendant’s costs.\n\nWintrow voted to introduce the legislation but said she still had “a lot of questions” about how it would affect law enforcement and court proceedings.\n\nThe legislation that was voted to be introduced will be assigned a bill number and then introduced by being read on the floor.\n\nThis article originally appeared in the Idaho Press, read more on IdahoPress.com.')
('Right', 'this is the funniest post on this sub')
('Libertarian Left', 'Tbh, being "proud" of your country is pretty illogical.')
('Libertarian Left', 'u/nwordcountbot u/chronoquairium')
('Left', 'Based')
('Authoritarian Right', "But we hate pence so it doesn't matter")
('Authoritarian Left', 'A C C E L E R A T E')
('Libertarian Left', "Exactly. I'm voting for Trump in November because Bernie was fucked over and now I just want to watch the world burn. My parents and I have been poor our whole lives.")
